 Geonames is a geographical database with web services that let users extract useful information about different places, such as weather, timezone and post codes. The GeoNames geographical database covers all countries and contains over eight million placenames that are available for download free of charge. Users can edit, correct and add new names using a wiki interface.
Geonames provides a suite of Webservices including the following categories:Fulltext searchPlace HierarchyWikipediaPostal CodesReverse GeocodingThe APIs use RESTful protocol and responses vary in format between XML, JSON, CSV, and TXT
While the GeoNames data is free, the data is available without costs, there is a Service Level Agreement available for premium web services.
 (This API is now part of IBM Cloud's The Weather Company APIs) From their site: Since 1982, The Weather Channel has brought timely weather information to the world. Now you can include weather from The Weather Channel in your own application by signing up for access to our XML data feed. We'll enable you to search for a location and to integrate current conditions and the forecast for today and tomorrow in your application for free.
noaa-national-weather-service-(nws)-ndfd-soap didn't extract the description
 [This API has been deprecated and replaced by the Current Weather Data, 5 Day Weather Forecast, 16 Day Weather Forecast, Historical Data, History Bulk, Weather Map Layers, Ultraviolet Index, Weather Stations, Weather Alerts, Air Pollution, and Accumulated Weather Data APIs. This profile is maintained for historical and research purposes only.]
Open Weather Map provides interactive maps of current and historic weather conditions. The Open Weather Map API allows users to retrieve the current weather at a city or weather station, the historical measurements for a weather station, or a list of cities and/or weather stations in a given rectangle (limited by geographic coordinates). The API uses RESTful calls issued in JSON format.
 [This API is no longer available. Its functions have been split among the following APIs: World Weather Online City Search, World Weather Online Time Zone, World Weather Online Ski and Mountain, World Weather Online Historical or Past Weather, World Weather Online Local City Weather, World Weather Online Marine, Sailing, Surfing Weather, and World Weather Online Ski Weather. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
World Weather Online provides weather forecast and weather api content for worldwide city and towns. The Developer Weather API allows developers and programmers to access free 5 day weather feed in XML, JSON and CSV format for any location by UK Postcode, Canada Postal code, US Zipcode, City and Town name (country and state/region filter) or by using Latitude and Longitude.
 The Yahoo Weather API allows developers to integrate weather information for any location into third-party applications. Available information includes the 5-day forecast, wind, atmospheric conditions, precipitation, sunset time, astronomy conditions, and more. Developers can look up weather by WOEID (Where On Earth IDentifier), city name, or lat/long coordinates.
 AMEE is a platform for greenhouse gas calculation, with access to emissions factors, calculation algorithms, and storage for data history. Our science team take the published methodologies from the science community and put them into a simple unified API, so you don't have to trawl through PDFs and spreadsheets to work it all our yourself. With over 8 million possible calculations, the platform covers everything from simple electricity calculations through to insanely complex industrial processes. If you need to work out the environmental impact of an activity, AMEE has the environmental intelligence you need.
 met.no is the joint online weather service from the Norwegian Meteorological Institute (met.no) and the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK). met.no offers weather forecasts in English for more than 700,000 places in Norway and 6.3 one million places worldwide.
 The service gives access to accumulated data on climate for locations worldwide but with emphasis on the continental United States. Data sum conditions recorded annually, by month, by day, and even hourly. Available data include recorded temperatures, normal temperature ranges, heating and cooling degree days, precipitation, and drought conditions.
API methods support retrieval of data for a specified time range, annual, monthly, daily, or hourly. Requests specify dataset, locations and location types, reporting stations, and particular data elements to be returned.
 AerisWeather is a site that provides traditional weather content such as local weather and weather maps. AerisWeather's core product is an API that provides the necessary weather data to power services such as hosted weather sites and weather application development. The API gives developers access to data such as weather advisories, forecasts, geographic locations, storm reports and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON and JSONP.
 The Weather Central DataCloud API lets you programmatically access Weather Centralâ€™s real-time updating weather datasets. This allows you to give your users mission critical weather information directly in your own web pages and applications via a REST API. The API returns value added data in both image-tile, and xml format.
 This web service, part of Brighter Planet's carbon middleware suite, enables developers to build flexible, real-time carbon footprint estimates from sources such as cars, flights, and houses into business applications. Brighter Planet delivers cloud-based web services providing on-demand carbon information for a fraction of a cent per query, meant for enhancing existing operational data with environmental intelligence that matters. The emission calculation service provides greenhouse gas emission estimates for a variety of emitters of arbitrary description. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses can be formatted in XML and JSON.
 MAAS2 is a REST API that provides the latest weather data transmitted by the Curiosity Rover on Mars. This API is built upon the REMS (Rover Environmental Monitoring Station). MAAS2 responds in JSON formatted data.
 Gain access to OpenWeatherMap's Carbon Monoxide index for any location on Earth. This includes location, latitude, pressure and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 Met.no is a Norwegian Meteorological Institute that provides the public with meteorological services for both civil and military puposes. The Met.no Weather API lets developers to integrate the institute's weather information and services with their applications, enabling direct access for users of the applications. The API is REST based, and uses HTTP Basic Authentication.
 The service from the Center for Energy and Processes (CEP) in France provides estimates of environmental impact of photovoltaic (PV) technologies over their complete life cycles. It assesses impact of PV solar electricity technologies and installations based on a number of established computation methods. Calculations of cost and benefit over the life of an installation help to guide decision-making and justify the investment.
API methods support estimates of photovoltaic technology performance both at a geographic point on a map and within a defined area of interest (AOI). Life cycle cost and benefit are then estimated from the Ecoinvent database. Mapping data comply with the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) protocol.
 Climate Counts is a nonprofit organization that scores corporations on their efforts towards mitigating climate change. Corporations are scored on whether they have reviewed their own emissions, set goals towards reducing their global warming impact, their policy stance on climate legislations and public reporting of their actions. The API gives users access to the corporation scoring database. Data available includes years, business sectors, companies, brands, yearly scores and aggregated scores. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) provides the public, government agencies, and commercial enterprises with XML data from the National Weather Service's (NWS) digital forecast database.
This API is available through SOAP or REST protocols, and provides an array of parameters allowing users to create customizable queries to the digital forecast database. Users can search the database by specific latitude/longitude, time, unit of measurement, and weather parameters. This service is provided free of charge by the U.S. government.
Users interested in REST implementations of this API can find documentation [[http://graphical.weather.gov/xml/rest.php here]].
 AccuWeather APIs are now easily available to developers with our new AccuWeather API Developer Portal. Sign up today for a free trial package, or one of three package options — Standard, Prime, and Elite — starting as low as $25 per month. The AccuWeather API packages include multiple API endpoints, allowing users full customization based on the data call volume, data types, level of detail, and locations each developer needs. Users can also reach AccuWeather technical, sales, and customer service support teams to answer API and technical-related questions.AccuWeather Locations, AccuWeather Forecast, AccuWeather Current Conditions, AccuWeather Indices, AccuWeather Weather Alarms, AccuWeather Alerts, AccuWeather Imagery, AccuWeather Tropical, and AccuWeather Translations.
 The Great Circle Forecast API provides weather forecasts primarily for sailing races. Data returned includes wind, pressure, temperature, precipitations, sea currents, etc. for a specified location. These forecasts can be computed for every location on the planet, with time interval varying from 1 minute to 3 hours and up to a horizon of 7 days into the future. Great Circle-Squid is a world-leading provider of marine weather services, both for race management and sailors (skippers and navigators).
 Fog Detection API - Fogerizer (also known as Fog Recognition API or Fog Storm Detector API) is a cross browsers REST API which get a JSON input with a still photo (NOT a radar photo) (as base64 encoded string), containing Fog and returns a JSON string which contains predictions of the input photo regarding the probability of Fog. The recognized Fog have confidence score, timestamp, tagId, tagName. Of course, there are some limitations in order to get a higher accuracy. We recommend properly exposed, unobstructed JPEG photos at 1920x1080 (full HD resolution) where the Fog is clear and focused. If the Fog details are too small or blured, the accuracy is lower and the AI algorithm may not classify in a proper way. We do not store pictures. Also, the quality and the angles of the camera are very important and it contribute to a higher reading accuracy. It should has varifocal lenses, high shutter speed, good infrared lighting beam, full HD resolution.
Allthough this Automatic Fog Detection API (currently we do not offer a Fog Detection sdk) is intended for software development and therefore developers, we have also here an Fog Detection online application that may be used to check the input and output JSONs of the API. The necessary steps are written below, basically for this real time Fog Detection API you send an authorized POST request in JSON format to the API endpoint and you get as JSON response the output as described below through parameters and examples.
This Fog Detection API is useful for a large number of domains like apps for: automotive, travel, transportation, weather nowcast etc. You own the commercial copyright of the resulted JSON with no additional fee meaning you may use it in your own apps for sale.
 Hail Rain Detection API - HailQuid (also known as Hail Rain Recognition API or Hail Storm Detector API) is a cross browsers REST API which get a JSON input with a still photo (NOT a radar photo) (as base64 encoded string), containing Hail Rains and returns a JSON string which contains predictions of the input photo regarding the probability of Hail Rain. The recognized Hail Rains have confidence score, timestamp, tagId, tagName. Of course, there are some limitations in order to get a higher accuracy. We recommend properly exposed, unobstructed JPEG photos at 1920x1080 (full HD resolution) where the Hail Rain is clear and focused. If the Hail Rain details are too small or blured, the accuracy is lower and the AI algorithm may not classify in a proper way. We do not store pictures. Also, the quality and the angles of the camera are very important and it contribute to a higher reading accuracy. It should has varifocal lenses, high shutter speed, good infrared lighting beam, full HD resolution.
Allthough this Automatic Hail Rain Detection API (currently we do not offer a Hail Rain Detection sdk) is intended for software development and therefore developers, we have also here an Hail Rain Detection online application that may be used to check the input and output JSONs of the API. The necessary steps are written below, basically for this real time Hail Rain Detection API you send an authorized POST request in JSON format to the API endpoint and you get as JSON response the output as described below through parameters and examples.
This Hail Rain Detection API is useful for a large number of domains like apps for: automotive, travel, transportation, weather nowcast etc. You own the commercial copyright of the resulted JSON with no additional fee meaning you may use it in your own apps for sale.
 A GraphQL Proxy for the popular Open Weather Map API.
This contains the following Open Weather Features: - Current Weather Data - Hourly Forecast 4 days - One Call API - Daily Forecast 16 days
Notes:
- You must have your own account with Open Weather Map to use this GraphQL Proxy endpoint.
- You must submit your own API keys to use this GraphQL Proxy endpoint.
 The OceanDrivers (OD) ODWeather API offers weather data about the ocean including currents, wind and swell from, aemet, ocib bahia de palma buoy, easy wind and other weather stations. Data is provided for Yacht club and other usage. OceanDrivers provides ocean data software including real wind time information, ocean weather and real time current measurements.
 aircheckr provides personalized, hyper-local, near real-time air pollution information. It returns Air Quality Index (AQI) data including from territories, cities, regions, at street level. The service uses sensors to measure Nitrogen Dioxide, Ozone and Particulate matter.
 Troposphere Weather is an easy to use versatile weather API which provides hyperlocal forecasts, historic climate data und location/place search.
 GeoMet-Weather provides public access to the Meteorological Service of Canada (MSC) and Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC) data via interoperable web services and application programming interfaces (API). Through open standards, users can freely and quickly access thousands of real-time and archived weather, climate and water datasets and products and integrate them in their domain-specific applications and decision support systems. Users can build mobile apps, create interactive web maps, and display and animate MSC data in desktop software. MSC GeoMet also enables on demand raw data clipping and reprojection, on demand format conversion and custom visualization.
 The Liveuamap API provides data about events posted on the Live Universal Awareness Map (Liveuamap) application. Liveuamap uses AI web crawlers and other tools to aggregate news worthy links such as conflicts, human rights issues, protests, terrorism, weapons deployment, health matters, natural disasters, and weather related stories. The service maps the issues in an interactive map. The API is available to registered users with API Key, and returns event description, region, time, image, link source, location, videos and more. Users who are logged in can view documentation.
 The Netatmo Weather API allows developers to read data from Netatmo's smart home weather station, smart rain gauge, smart anemometer, and additional indoor module. The additional indoor module can provide noise, pressure, rain, wind, and gust data as well as information on the device itself.
This API is part of Netatmo Connect, which is Netatmo's API suite for integrating with their products. Netatmo designs, produces and distributes smart devices for people’s homes.
types-of-clouds-recognition didn't extract the description
 Ambee’s Weather API enables weather forecasting by providing real-time weather data. Test an API call. Get accurate & actionable proprietary data insights.
 The PowerClerk API allows programmatic access to the following basic PowerClerk functions; project creation, editing, and submission. This includes API Methods for; GetPrograms, SetProjectAttachment, DeleteMfaSessionToken and others. Authorized access requires an API Key with user authentication that utilizes Basic Authentication. Clean Power Research builds services for energy transformation with cloud software to engage customers, automate programs, integrate solar and more.
 This MetOcean API provides access to MetOcean Hindcast Statistics to show metadata of all available datasets, Get extended metadata for a specific dataset, Get statistics of a variable from a dataset and more. It delivers metocean statistics of waves and winds globally for; frequency of wave height, period and direction for each month, frequency of wind speed and others. This Rest API is metocean statistics at sites and along routes, and takes a location or series of sites as query parameters with data that is returned in CF-JSON format. MetOcean Solutions is a science-based consultancy that offers specialist numerical modeling and analytical services in meteorology and oceanography.
 This MetOcean API provides access to MetOcean weather Forecast data to Get a list of available MetOcean data sources, Get metadata about a specific MetOcean data source, Get data for ocean route at a series of specified longitudes, latitudes, times and more. This Rest API accepts location or a series of sites as query parameters to extract data from available models with data that is returned in CF-JSON format. MetOcean Solutions is a science-based consultancy that offers specialist numerical modeling and analytical services in meteorology and oceanography.
 The Trimble Mapping Weather Alerts API allows developers to retrieve weather alerts for a given map view port. Alerts can be filtered by urgency, severity, certainty, or name.
This API is one of many routing, location, and mapping APIs provided by Trimble.
 The Trimble Mapping Weather Overlay API allows developers to retrieve either a weather radar or satellite image that can be overlayed on a map image.
This API is one of many routing, location, and mapping APIs provided by Trimble.
 The Clean Power Research Irradiance & Weather Data API is a WeatherData service endpoint that allows you to request irradiance and weather data. The WeatherData endpoint returns available irradiance and weather data fields that include: Global Horizontal Irradiance, Direct Normal Irradiance, Diffuse Horizontal Irradiance, 10-Meter Height Wind Speed and many others. This API supports HTTP GET and POST with XML data and access that requires the utilization of Basic Authentication via username and password, and requests also need the use of HTTPS. Clean Power Research builds services for energy transformation with cloud software to engage customers, automate programs, integrate solar and more.
 The WeatherOps Forensics API
 The WeatherOps Map Tiles API can access weather content in the format of images via the WeatherOps API Tiling (SWARM) API service. The service uses HTTPS access and currently consists of two types of requests: valid frames requests and tile requests.
 The WeatherOps Point Forecast API returns location related data, current conditions, daily forecast, and hourly forecast in JSON and XML formats.
 The WeatherOps Climate Analysis API retrieves degree days, precipitation, relative humidity, temperature, wind, evapotranspiration, and climatology data in JSON format.
 The RainMachine API retrieves weather and forecast data including water zones, restrictions, weather engine, remote access, and home automation. Authenticate with OAuth2 and make JSON callbacks. A guide to access Postman collection is available.
 MyRadar offers its in-house weather and forecasting API with industry-leading nowcasting support, including up-to-the-minute rain prediction using our patent-pending algorithms. It is also a drop-in replacement for the former Dark Sky API (no changes needed).
 The Risk Insights API provides crime, earthquake, flood data and related information. The API can be integrated with claims and mitigation applications. Precisely is a data integrity platform capable of collecting, verifying, and mapping information. This platform can be used to enable address typeahead capabilities in eCommerce websites, determine origin and delivery destinations in logistics applications, and provide better insights for customer engagement. Precisely APIs feature REST architecture, API Key authentication, and JSON responses.
 The Natural Resources Wales Flood Risk Forecast API allows developers to retrieve areas at risk of flooding and the public flood risk forecast summary. Flood risk levels are given as Low, Medium, or High and cover flooding from rivers, the sea, surface water, and groundwater for England and Wales. The forecast is produced by the Flood Forecasting Centre (FFC) on a daily basis, or more frequently when serious flooding is expected.
 The Natural Resources Wales Live Flood Warnings and Alerts API allows developers to get a list of all current flood warnings issued by Natural Resources Wales or to get lists filtered by location or severity. Results are returned as a single GeoJSON data structure and are updated every 15 minutes.
 The Chargetrip API integrates smart, EV-specific routing into products built for drivers of electric cars.
Chargetrip gives developers access to the same powerful EV routing engine that is already used and trusted by car manufacturers and e-mobility services around the world. The GraphQL API and documentation are always on the latest stable version and fully backward compatible. To integrate the API in an application, developers need an API key. Request an API key from the side menu.
 The POWER Project is supported by NASA Earth Science’s Applied Sciences Program and provides solar and meteorological data sets that support renewable energy, building energy efficiency and agriculture.
the-weather-company-disease-tracker didn't extract the description
 This API returns 30 year historical climate normals ranging from hourly to monthly intervals. The period of calculation is 1981 to 2010, and the data is derived from the ERA-5 9KM Re-analysis. With this API you can retrieve temporal averages for data from the past 30 years for fields including temperature, dew point, wind speed, precipitation, and snowfall. The spatial resolution of the data returned by the API is 9 kilometers.
nasa-insight:-mars-weather-service didn't extract the description
 Weatherlogics climate APIs provide the most complete and highest quality climate data for Canada. With this family of APIs you can search for Canadian climate data, records, and normals for over 700 locations.
 The Aeris Weather Air Quality API retrieves interpolated GeoJSON data or specific stations based on a query action. The API includes air quality index (AQI), category, dominant pollutant, and information for pollutants when available.
 This Weatherbit API returns historical weather data specific to the energy industry from a network of over 120,000 stations. The API allows you to retrieve cooling or heating degree data and other information for sun hours, precipitation, snowfall and more. It is Get requests that returns aggregate energy specific historical weather fields, over a specified time period and UP TO 150 stations. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 The Weatherbit Subscription Limits API provides the current Weather API usage summary for your API key subscription. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 This Weatherbit API returns historical weather data specific to the Agriculture industry. Users can retrieve forecasted soil temperature, soil moisture, evapotranspiration and more. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 This Weatherbit API provides severe weather alerts from local meteorological agencies for the US, EU member nations, and others. It is a Get request for severe weather alerts issued by meteorological agencies for provided parameters. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 The Ambient Weather API enables personal weather data dashboards in applications by providing a MAC address. The API can be used to query device data. Requests are capped at 1 request per second for each users' API Key, and 3 requests per second per Application Key. The Ambient Weather API supports JSON formatted responses.
 This Weatherbit API returns historical hourly weather data from a network of over 120,000 stations from a nearby reporting station. It is Get Requests that provides a way to Get history by lat/lon, Get history by city name, Get history by postal code and more. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 The Weatherbit Bulk Download API provides current observations for many cities at once, or many stations at once and are accessible to Advanced plan users. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 Weatherbit Ag-Weather Forecast API returns an 8-day forecast for weather data specific to the Agriculture industry. It allows you to retrieve predictions for soil temperature, soil moisture, evapotranspiration, and more. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 This Weatherbit API returns a 2 to 5-day forecast in 1 hour intervals for any point on the planet. It is Get requests that returns an hourly forecast when each point represents a one hour period for; Date, City, Postal and more. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 The Ambience Data API provides real-time, hyperlocal, weather data and pollution data globally. It allows users access to detailed and accurate real-time or historical pollution data and weather forecasts with a simple REST API. This includes; Pollution, Weather and Hourly Forecast data for; a three-day forecast that returns the geocode weather for the current day up to three days, a forty eight-hourly forecast that returns the geocode weather for the current hour up to the next forty eight hours etc. Ambience Data provides an environmental sensor agnostic end-to-end IoT platform that supports smart sensors, monitoring, data analytics and more.
 The Unofficial AirVisual API enables weather information, air pollution data, and health recommendations in third-party applications. This API can be used to get information and measurements by city, real-time weather data, key pollutant concentration values, and station names with coordinates.
 The BreezoMeter Weather API allows developers to retrieve weather conditions - such as temperature, wind speed, humidity, and precipitation - for a specified location. This API can return the current conditions, the hourly forecast for up to five days, and the daily forecast for up to five days.
BreezoMeter provides global, real-time air quality data that can help individuals make better health decisions based on their local air pollution levels and their personal sensitivities.
 The BreezoMeter Pollen API allows developers to retrieve the daily pollen forecast for a given location. Returned information includes pollen types, plants, and indexes for the specified location.
BreezoMeter provides global, real-time air quality data that can help individuals make better health decisions based on their local air pollution levels and their personal sensitivities.
 The BreezoMeter Fires API allows developers to retrieve current fire information for the area around a specified location. This is a new API which is currently in Beta. Additional functions may be added in the near future, but no breaking changes are expected to occur.
BreezoMeter provides global, real-time air quality data that can help individuals make better health decisions based on their local air pollution levels and their personal sensitivities.
 The Met Office Global Hourly Spot Data API allows developers to get hourly weather forecasts for a location at a given set of latitude and longitude coordinates. Data is returned in GeoJSON.
This API is part of the Met Office Weather DataHub, which offers a selection of weather data and map overlays via APIs.
 The Met Office Global Three Hourly Spot Data API allows developers to get the three hourly weather forecast for a location at a given set of latitude and longitude coordinates. Data is returned in GeoJSON.
This API is part of the Met Office Weather DataHub, which offers a selection of weather data and map overlays via APIs.
 The Met Office Global Daily Spot Data API allows developers to get daily weather forecasts for a location at a given set of latitude and longitude coordinates. Data is returned in GeoJSON.
This API is part of the Met Office Weather DataHub, which offers a selection of weather data and map overlays via APIs.
 The Divesites API returns database information for scuba divers including location, weather, latitude & longitude, map, and tide stations. The API supports POST and GET methods, JSON and AJAX formats. Divesites API determines the location using Geo IP location and return sites in a radius from that point.
 The Geosys API provides programmatic access to Geosys remote sensing data processing tools. The API allows a business to access weather and agriculture imagery from satellite, integrate analytical data, optimize data flow, and filter options for complex requests. Developers need to request access to the API and documentation. Geosys provides satellite remote sensing technology for agriculture.
 The weatherstack API enables reliable and accurate global weather data in applications. The API supports methods for current weather, historical weather, and forecasts. The weatherstack API returns JSON formatted responses, and supports JSONP callbacks.
 The CheckWX API returns aviation weather in JSON and XML formats. The API includes methods for stations, METeorological Aerodrome Reports (METARs), and Terminal Aerodrome Forecasts (TAFs). Developers can implement a station field, station radius, station latitude, and longitude. CheckWX is a tool to help pilots better visualize weather data.
 The API Hood Global Tides provides Oceans tidal heights and extremes predictions. Tide predictions calculate low and high tides based on time and location. Developers can use JSON format to make calls via RapidAPI.
Note: Predictions are based on historical tidal gauge data and satellite altimetry and do not take current weather and seismic events into consideration.
national-weather-service-(nws) didn't extract the description
 The AerisWeather Fires API provides access to a dataset of active wildfires across the U.S. Data returned includes the type of fire, location, area (size), cause and percent contained. AerisWeather provides a weather service for business needs and custom weather influenced solutions. It enables you with the ability to create your own weather data, with Weather API’s and developer toolkits.
 The Altitude Angel GuardianUTM API allows you to send and receive data about drone operations, environment, regulations, hazards and more. This includes API endpoints for; Weather, Area Report, Map Data and Space Weather. GuardianUTM web standards open platform enables you with the ability to access up-to-date aeronautical, environmental, regulatory and drone-centric operation data. Altitude Angel provides support services and software to integrate drones safely into the sky.
 The Sentinel Weather API provides access to the Sentinel Weather platform, which supplies accurate solar power and radiation forecasts for upcoming dates and times. It also provides warnings for severe weather events. This service is available for any location worldwide.
The API lets developers select any meteorological variable and set customized thresholds to trigger alerts via email or SMS for upcoming defined weather events.
 The Wise Orchard API gives developers programmatic control over Wise Orchard's internet-connected irrigation valve. Developers can use this API to control and automate their valves using their own custom-built software, integrate the valves with third-party IoT services, or control their own purpose-built watering devices.
Wise Orchard provides an internet-connected irrigation valve that watches the local weather and adjusts plants' watering schedules accordingly, keeping plants healthy while saving water. This valve can be controlled from a smartphone app.
 The Iteris ClearAg Rain Gauge API returns recent historical precipitation accumulations and radar reflectivity data. Information is available from satellite estimates, surface observations, numerical weather analysis, and prediction information.
 The Visual Crossing Weather Data API provides climate and weather information. The interface enables interpolated history records, and prioritizes high accountability data and geographic coverage. Detailed data is available including forecasts and summaries. The Weather API supports JSON and CSV.
 The SonicWeather API integrates daily weather forecasts with applications. The API offers endpoints for rain, lightning detection, sunsets, rainbow probability, global temperature, frost probability, NexRad status, and the best time for cutting hay. The preferred response format is JSON.
interzoid-weather-by-zip-code didn't extract the description
 The Weatherbit current Air Quality API returns live air quality conditions, and air quality index scores for any point in the world. It also returns data on the 6 major surface pollutants - PM 2.5, PM 10, CO, SO2, NO2, and O3.
 The CIMIS Web API is a RESTful service that provides access to data about evapotranspiration (ETo) and weather from the CIMIS Weather Station Network and the Spatial CIMIS System. CIMIS stands for the California Irrigation Management Information System. The API can be used to operate Wi-Fi aware irrigation smart controllers, browser and mobile apps. The CIMIS Web API is managed by the California Department of Water Resources (DWR).
 RealEarth is a mapping data discovery platform developed by the Space Science and Engineering Center and the Cooperative Institute for Meteorological Satellite Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. The API provides the latest simulations associated with meteorology, aviation, flood hazards, and more.
 The RainViewer API provides access to mapping data of rainfall based on information from weather radars globally. RainViewer gets radar data from different sites across the Internet that is available to anyone for free.
british-antarctic-survey-meteorology-data-/-sosmet didn't extract the description
 The Cal-Adapt API provides programmatic access to climate data via Cal-Adapt. It allows users to access only the data requested, without downloading the entire dataset. Cal-Adapt is developed by the Geospatial Innovation Facility at the University of California, Berkeley.
the-weather-company-lifestyle-indices didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-enhanced-current-conditions didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-traffic-data didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-seasonal-and-subseasonal-forecasts didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-severe-weather didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-historical-weather-data didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-enhanced-forecast didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-data-core didn't extract the description
 The Magic Seaweed Forecast API allows access to core marine weather data for creative and interesting projects that support developers and surfers. The API requires a valid API key and follows Restful convention to query for information that retrieves a JSON array of data representing the forecast.
The Magic Seaweed Forecast service provides access to core weather and ocean open data, whose purpose is specifically for surfers and surfing but is also useful for a huge range of activities. Magic Seaweed supports global surf forecasting and news service.
 The Weatherbit Air Quality Forecast returns hourly forecasted air quality conditions and air quality index score. It includes data on the 6 major surface pollutants - PM 2.5, PM 10, CO, SO2, NO2, and O3.
 The MeteoGroup Point Observation API returns JSON formats with weather data including air temperature, air pressure, humidity, wind speed, cloud cover, precipitation, and wind direction. Developers authenticate with OAuth 2.0.
 The Synoptic Data Mesonet API returns JSON and XML data to integrate weather data that includes units with positions, air temperature, elevation, and volts; elevation with sensor variables, longitude, latitude, time zone, and observations; and summary with data query time, metadata, data parsing time, number of objects, and functions. Synoptic Data is a Public Benefit Corporation (PBC) provides earth data with the aim to support research, education, and exploratory usage by all types of users with little to no cost.
meniscus-analytics-platform-(map) didn't extract the description
 The Sunburst Web API allows you to fetch SunsetWx’s sunrise and sunset quality predictions. Sunburst currently supports JSON format, with geographical data conforming to GeoJSON. Sunset Weather provides Sunset and Sunrise Predictions using an algorithm comprised of meteorological factors.
 The WillyWeather API returns forecast data with sunrise and sunset, moon phases, rainfall probability, UV, tides, wind, and temperature. JSON is the supported format. Developers can authenticate with an API Key.
 Road Weatherlogics provides forecast road conditions as point forecasts and map layers. The APIs return both ordinary weather information, like temperature, wind, and precipitation, along with forecast road conditions and blowing snow (visibility). The road condition forecasts are available at hourly increments up to 48 hours into the future.
 The National Flood Data API offers up to date FEMA flood zone data in different formats to cover a variety of partner use cases. Data can be specific to a single point or an entire parcel boundary. National Flood Data provides updated flood zone information which includes annual percentage of flood, base flood elevations, and more. The API uses JSON for responses and API Keys for authentication.
searoutes didn't extract the description
 The Storm Glass Marine Weather API allows fetching forecasts for any coordinate using conventional HTTP requests. When a request is successful, a response will be sent back in the form of a JSON object. API Key is required to authenticate.
 The Aeris Lightning API returns data in JSON and JSONP formats once making GET requests and authenticating with API Key. Data returned includes type of strike, location, polarity, and amperage.
 The Weatherbit Agroweather API returns JSONP data, supports GET requests, and authenthicates with API Key. The API retrieves retrieve soil temperature, soil moisture, and evapotranspiration associated to agriculture.
 The Weatherbit Forecast API returns JSON-P data with a 16 day forecast in 1 day intervals from any point on the planet. API Key is required to authenticate.
 The Weatherbit Current Weather API returns JSON forecast data from over 38,000 stations. GET requests are available after authenticating via Key.
 The Weatherbit Forecast 48 hours supports GET requests to receive JSONP responses in return, authenticating via API Key. This API returns an hourly forecast in 1 hour intervals from any point on the planet. For non-premium users, this API will return a maximum of 48 hours.
 The Agrimetrics Field Forecasts API allows developers to forecast crop development. It provides the past two weeks of daily temperature data, rainfall, humidity, and windspeed to allow the assessment of the present state of a crop or grass. API calls require a field identifier that can be discovered using the Field Finder API. These APIs are part of the Agrimetrics Data Platform, which offers comprehensive, evidence-based decision making capabilities for the agri-food sector.
 The Historical Energy Weather API (Degree Days API) returns historical weather data specific to the energy industry from their network of over 38,000 stations. With this API, you can retrieve cooling or heating degree day data. Additionally, you can retrieve other valuable information like total sun hours, precipitation, snowfall, and more for any point in the world via postal code, latitude/longitude, city, or weather station ID.
The API has call limitations and pricing tiers, ranging from "Free" (75 calls per hour) to "Advanced" (30,000 calls/minute)
 The Agrimetrics Field Facts API provides access to multiple field-level datasets that provide long-term averages for monthly temperatures, rainfall, and growing degree days, as well as top soil and subsoil textures, topsoil chemistry, altitude, and nearby priority habitats. API calls require a field identifier that can be discovered using the Field Finder API. These APIs are part of the Agrimetrics Data Platform, which offers comprehensive, evidence-based decision making capabilities for the agri-food sector.
 The Data.Seattle.Gov Road Weather Information Stations API returns temperature data coming from sensor stations placed on bridges within city limits. API communication over HTTPS returns JSON, XML, and CSV formats. All requests should include an app token. This API is provided by the City of Seattle.
 The ClimaCell Micro Weather API provides access to high resolution micro weather data for locations across the U.S. that supports full geolocation and geo­search capabilities. This REST service uses HTTPS, with query parameter requests and responses that return results in JSON format. The ClimaCell Weather API is the only micro weather API in the world. ClimaCell is the high resolution weather service that provides weather data for various applications.
 Allows you to access daily historical weather data. All that's required is the date and location - either geographical coordinates or city and country names. Users can drill down to retrieve dew point, average mean temperature, station pressure, wind speed, snow depth and much more.
 The Hooks:Data API allows developers to access Hooks alerts and data notifications to integrate with their applications. Hooks:Data allows users to get real-time updates through push notifications on specified topics, and to chat with other people at the exact same moment something happens. Topic channels include TV and movies, events such as concerts, weather, news, shipments, finance, social media, sports, and more.
Hooks Data is a real-time data provider about thousands of topics in hundreds of categories in a single API. It has a custom query language to choose what data you need and it will deliver it in real-time using webhooks or you can pull the data anytime.
Hooks Data currently has these topics and ADD NEW TOPICS WEEKLY:
- RSS/Feeds updates in Real-time
- Soccer Games
- Weather conditions worldwide.
- Twitter mentions
- TV Shows Episodes
- NBA, NHL, NFL, MLB Games
- Cryptocurrencies and Stocks updates
 The Storm Glass API gives developers access to global marine weather data from multiple sources using a single REST API.
The API returns marine weather forecasts for the next 7 days in hourly resolution. Forecasts include swell height, swell direction, swell period, wave height, wave direction, wave period, wind speed, wind direction, and air temperature.
 The OpenUV Global UV Index Forecast API in JSON format provides Ultraviolet index data in real time. With the API, developers can build wearable apps, bots, and smart home assistants, based on data provided by The Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI), The National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research (NIWA) of New Zealand, Ozone data from OMI datasets, AURA Satellite, and NASA. It includes JSON responses and API Key.
 The OpenWeatherMap Accumulated Weather Data API provides developers with historical accumulated weather data for more than 200,000 cities around the world. Access to this API is included with the Historical Weather Collection subscriptions. Developers can contact OpenWeatherMap if they would like to use this API on its own.
 The OpenWeatherMap Ultraviolet Index API provides developers with current, forecast, and historical UV data for more than 200,000 cities around the world. Data measurements are only taken at 12pm. This data is available in JSON format. This API is still in beta.
 The OpenWeatherMap 16 Day Weather Forecast API allows developers to get the 16-day forecast for a given location or city. These forecasts include the daily weather conditions and are available in JSON or XML format. Developers looking for more precision can request data for a central district of a city or town using its geographic coordinates, ID, or name.
 The OpenWeatherMap History Bulk API allows developers to get historical weather data for a given city for the last five years. Weather data is provided in one-hour intervals. If a given parameter is missing from an API response, it means that the weather phenomena in question was not occurring at that location at the time of measurement. Data is available at the cost of $10 per city.
 The OpenWeatherMap 5 Day Weather Forecast API allows developers to get the five day forecast for a given location or city. This forecast provides weather data in three hour intervals and is available in either JSON or XML format. Developers looking for more precision can request data for a central district of a city or town using its geographic coordinates, ID, or name.
 The Foreca Climate Data API allows you to get annual weather statics at a glance. Based on measurements at official weather observation sites, this API offers accurate information about daily or monthly average temperatures and precipitation. Climate data is available via the API for any inland location specified by latitude-longitude coordinates and for all Foreca forecast locations (over 150.000 named locations worldwide).
The Foreca Climate Data API is helpful for websites wishing to inform their visitors and businesses who need to make decisions based on what the weather may be like be like two months in advance. For consumers, information about precipitation and temperature is helpful for travel planning.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 With the Foreca Weather Notification API you can set and receive push-notifications based on Foreca weather forecasts, keeping you informed about noteworthy weather conditions.
Weather Notifications allows you to activate notifications using weather parameter values as triggers. You will always receive a push notification when the pre-set threshold value is forecasted to exceed (or is observed) at a chosen coordinate point.
The notifications offered to end-users are to be adjusted in the API in advance. End-users are allowed to switch them on/off based on the location they want. While the API works in JSON format, the customer is required to provide an user interface for the end-users.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Foreca Ski Feed offers up-to-date information from over 2.000 global ski resorts. The feed updates continuously as new information is received from the resorts and other sources. The information is provided as an XML feed, making it easy to process and quick to integrate into a web page or other channels. Various visualization options can easily be implemented based on the provided data.
The feed delivers information from the nearest ski resorts to a given location. The response will contain general information about the resort, opening times and last reported conditions on the slopes. The service is ideal for media, travel agencies and other services reporting about points of interest. An atmospheric weather forecast for the covered resorts is also provided as part of the package.
Ski resort information is currently available for Europe, North America, and Japan, but can be extended as necessary. A complete list of available resorts is available on request.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Foreca Weather History API provides observational weather information from the past by showing measured weather parameters in a certain location at a specific date.
The API delivers all the measured weather parameters as both daily summary values and hourly values. The queries can be made based on a given day and coordinate point. The API will respond with observational data from the nearest relevant weather station or from weather forecast model data (augmented observation) in JSON format. Augmented observations are provided when the closest weather station with sufficient observations is too far away to give representative information.
The weather history service includes measurements from the following official weather stations: SYNOP, METAR (Records from 1st of January 2011), with augmented observations for all SYNOP and METAR locations from approx. mid-January 2016 and augmented snow depth observations from 9th February 2016.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Foreca Weather Warnings Feed is a data feed of the governmental severe weather warnings. The feed integrates weather warnings from many national warning systems worldwide and presents them in a harmonized global offering. The feed is an additional module that can be activated for Foreca Weather API, Weather File Feed accounts or delivered as GeoJSON files.
When queried with coordinates, the Foreca Warning feed returns a sorted list of active warnings for the given location by importance. For each event, the Warning Feed provides the generic significance level, generic warning class, and a more detailed event description. The original data from the official sources is also included.
The generic codes developed by Foreca are meant to ease visualizing the end-user services, while the event descriptions provide more specific textual information.
Governmental severe weather warnings are currently delivered from Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United States. Tailored, forecast-based warnings can be provided globally.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 Foreca provides a raw weather data feed in an easy-to-use format that is ideal for integrating location-based weather information into proprietary systems.
The Weather Feed is based on customers using HTTP polling to monitor forecast and observation files, which update at different intervals. Location metadata, such as coordinates and names in various languages, is provided in a separate static file. Foreca Weather Data batch files contain forecasts and current conditions updated on a continual basis for a fixed location list. Depending on the package chosen, the feed contains current conditions data from relevant local weather stations and weather forecasts for up to 14 days. The data is delivered as XML or language-independent delimited ASCII format file feed. The data contains weather information for up to 80.000 locations world-wide. The feed is available in either XML or delimited ASCII formats.
Additional weather information can be used from the following data sets: Foreca Weather Warnings, Foreca Weather History, Foreca Ski Resort Information, Foreca Weather Notifications, Foreca Climate Data.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Foreca Weather Map API provides weather forecasts and observations as map overlays worldwide.
Precipitation radar images, atmospheric weather forecasts, and satellite images are typically shown as map overlays. Foreca provides map overlay images through its Weather Map API. Overlays are primarily provided as tiles that are compatible with the most common map services such as HERE, Google Maps and OpenStreetMap. Foreca's own background maps are also available.
The Weather Map API is based on HTTP queries, which are sent to Foreca servers. The service responds by providing graphics in vector format (SVG) or raster (PNG, JPG). The service can also be requested to list available data layers and available time stamps for any given coordinate (longitude and latitude). This information is given in JSON format. Multiple zoom levels for the weather overlays are available (levels 3-12).
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Yahoo Weather RSS API allows developers to integrate up-to-date weather information for their location into their website or client application. This feed is dynamically generated based on WOEID (Where On Earth IDentifier) and is returned as an XML document that conforms to the RSS 2.0 specification. Users can save their feed to My Yahoo! or any feed aggregator.
 The AccuWeather Tropical API allows developers to get current positions, past positions, and forecasts for tropical cyclones worldwide. Developers can use this API to get a storm's name, position, advisory ID, maximum wind gust, maximum sustained wind, and status. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Translations API allows developers to retrieve a list of available languages, groups of phrases available for translation, and translations for all phrases in a specific group. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Alerts API allows developers to get severe weather alerts from official government meteorological agencies and leading global weather alert providers. Developers will need to use the AccuWeather Locations API to get the location key for their desired location. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Weather Alarms API allows developers to get weather alarms for a given location. Weather Alarms exist when daily forecast conditions for a location meet or exceed a certain threshold. Developers can get 1, 5, 10, or 15 days of Weather Alarms for a given location. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Locations API allows developers to get a location key corresponding with a given location. This key can be used to retrieve weather data from the AccuWeather Forecast and Current Conditions APIs. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Forecast API allows developers to get forecast information for a specific location. Developers can get daily forecasts for the next 1, 5, 10, or 15 days or hourly forecasts for the next 1, 12, 24, 72, or 120 hours. Developers will need to use a location key obtained from the AccuWeather Locations API in their API call. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Indices API allows developers to get daily index values for a given location (availability varies between locations). Developers can request 1, 5, 10, or 15 days of index values for a specific index, a group of indices, or all indices. Developers can also get metadata for a specific index type, all daily indices, all index groups, or all indices in a specified group. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Imagery API allows developers to get radar and satellite weather images. Developers will needs to use the AccuWeather Locations API to get the location key for their desired location. Radar images are not currently available for all locations, but satellite images are still provided where they're unavailable. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Current Conditions API allows developers to get the current conditions data for a given location. This includes metrics such as temperature, pressure, time of day, relative humidity, dew point, wind direction, wind speed, and UV index. Developers will need to use the AccuWeather Locations API to obtain the location key for their desired location. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The IP2Location IP Geolocation Web Service API offers a service to identify the location and other geo-information of an IP address, such as ISO3166 country code, region or state, city, latitude and longitude, ZIP/Postal code, time zone, Internet Service Provider (ISP) or company name, domain name, net speed, area code, weather station code, weather station name, mobile country code (MCC), mobile network code (MNC) and carrier brand, elevation, and usage type.
There are also 7 categories of additional add-on response fields supported such as metro, olson time zone, translations and more.
Search results are derived from IP2Location™ index of over 4 billion unique IP addresses. IPv4 and IPv6 are supported.
 The Weather Unlocked Local Weather API is designed for use in the integration of weather data in web or mobile apps. Access requires sign up for API key. Requests are made over HTTP or HTTPS. The API returns responses in JSON or XML format.
 The Weather Unlocked Ski Resort API makes it easier for developers to include SKI Resort Snow Report and Mountain Forecast data in applications. Access requires sign up for API key. Make requests are over HTTP or HTTPS. The API returns responses in JSON or XML format.
 The Weather Unlocked WeatherTrigger API allows users to query Weather Unlocked’s database of global weather data. The API provides access to historical data up to seven days back, current data, and forecast data up to seven days ahead. Access requires sign up for API key. Make requests are over HTTP or HTTPS. The API returns responses in JSON or XML format.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Region API supports the maintenance and management of MeteoGroup’s region information. The API’s architecture is designed to provide information for locations alongside descriptive attributes such as the time zone and names of a region.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Nautical API is a shipping solution that supports the transmission of weather forecasts and hindcasts for the marine industry. It allows developers to integrate the capabilities for accessing weather forecasts for sailing routes and other offshore locations. It delivers data for prevailing conditions at the high seas including currents, swell, water temperature, and wind waves among others. The API supports only a single call at a time for requests of weather parameters such as location and time stamp. Users can access the latest weather predictions and hindcast data stretching a maximum of one year back from the current date.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Weather Report API allows developers to integrate weather report templates and data sources in applications. The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Weather Warnings API facilitates the delivery of sever weather warnings issued by environmental agencies in Canada, Europe, and the United States. The agencies that are currently covered by the API include the UK MetOffice (UKMO), National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Environment Canada (ENVCA), UK Environment Agency (UKENVA), Natural Resources Wales (NATWALES), Scottish Environment Protection Agency (SEPA), and PAAQ. Individuals can contact MeteoGroup sales representatives to suggest additional agencies.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Station Metadata API provides access to the database of weather stations that generate forecasts and observation data. The API returns responses for location requests in GeoJSON format.
meteogroup-sunrise-&-sunset didn't extract the description
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Air Quality API delivers the pollution data of specified locations. This includes pollen data in the UK. Requests for pollution or pollen data must be provide geo location point by latitude and longitude. The API returns responses in JSON format.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Lightning API conveys real-time data of all the Lightning strikes that occur over a specified duration within the last 72 hours. The display results of the strikes are categorized in different color codes according to severity. Unlike other MeteoGroup APIs that specify single areas in requests, the Lightning API requests are restricted to a four-sided geographical grid. The API returns responses in JSON format.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Point Forecast API supports weather predictions for particular locations on the basis of historical observations alongside various numeric prediction models for weather conditions. The API’s requests are programmed to trigger searches for the meteorological station within the proximity of the provided latitude and longitude grids of a location. The API returns responses in JSON format.
 The Meteomatics Weather API provides access to historical, current, and forecast weather data for locations around the world, including model data and observational data in both time series and areal formats. Historical data goes back as far as 1979. Many response formats are supported, including CSV, JSON, XML, and GeoTIFF.
Developers can try the API free for two weeks before applying for paid access.
 The Weatherbit Historical Weather API provides hourly historical weather information for cities, postal codes, IP address, and more. The API supports up to 5 years of historical data from over 380,000 cities. This data is quality controlled and corrected. The supported response formats are JSON and JSONP. API Key is required to identify the requester.
 The AerisWeather Maps Platform provides weather information in graphical form that includes a set of weather layers for past, current and future options, and customization options allowing you to create maps. Aeris Maps uses static maps that you add to a web page, visual display or fully interactive maps for web and mobile users with integration options. AerisWeather provides custom weather solutions that allow you to create your own weather data with Weather API’s and developer toolkits.
 The WXT Weather Service provides atmospheric weather information through a REST architecture, HTTP requests, and JSON formats. It integrates METAR/TAF information, sun, and moon calculations, targeting aviation and energy applications.
Advanced features include:
-Upper atmosphere information (e.g., research, aviation, rocketry, military)
-Automated, push-type notification of arbitrary weather-related events (alert service)
-Calculation of arbitrary results derived from weather forecast information via a server-side scripting language.
The default response type is application/json, although other formats may be supported. At the present time, there is partial support for comma-separated value (CSV) responses.
 ULTRA-PRECISE WEATHER DATA FOR BETTER DECISION-MAKING
MetGIS combines exact weather models and terrain data and thus creates ultra-precise forecasts. With a resolution of up to 30 m MetGIS forecasts are among the best in the world. For you this means: Better decisions, targeted actions and new opportunities.
POINT-BASED API: FORECASTS, CURRENT AND HISTORIC WEATHER DATA
MetGIS weather data can be retrieved from the point API via https that are delivered in JSON or JSONP format and is optimized for mountainous and remote regions worldwide - thanks to extremely detailed geographical data!
EXTREMELY DETAILED WEATHER MAPS (TILES)
Weather layers for Google Maps & co: Embed extremely detailed weather layers (tiles) into web projects, apps and GIS.
 The SITA Weather APIallows developers to build weather prediction applications. The RESTful API generates data of current and forecasted weather conditions in different parts of the world. It is well suited for the development of air travel applications, although access to its documentation is restricted to subscribed users. The API use the HTTP protocol to send requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 The Cheap Weather API is a standard weather API that is available in free or pay versions, and is cheaper than other options. It is limited in scope as it is only for continental United States and does not provide a maps API. It does provide 3-day/ 3-hour forecasts and forecasts by zip code for all versions; but with the pay versions one can then add geolocation forecast and extended 7-day forecasts.
 The SITA Weather API allows developers to build weather prediction applications. The RESTful API generates data of current and forecasted weather conditions in different parts of the world. It is well suited for the development of air travel applications, although access to its documentation is restricted to subscribed users. The API use the HTTP protocol to send requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 The Earth Networks Sferic API delivers real-time weather information, hourly forecasts utilizing high accuracy forecast models, and other top-notch weather data.
This data and analytical model delivery API provides:Real-time weather for any locationCommercial-grade & proprietary dataHourly forecastingMap tilesBy partnering with Earth Networks, you'll have the flexibility to use the data in your applications and analytical models. Data requests are made to a REST API, enabling quick and easy integration, and you can choose from a wide range of options based on your volume and specific needs.
A free 30-day trail is available here: http://go.earthnetworks.com/sfericapi
 Gain access to current weather data for any location on Earth including over 200,000 cities using the OpenWeatherMap Current Data API. This allows you to; Call current weather data for several cities, Weather parameters and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 Gain access to hourly historical weather data for cities and historical data from weather stations using the OpenWeatherMap Historical Data API. This allows you to; Call data for History Bulk, Hourly historical data for cities and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 The OpenWeatherMap Weather Stations API allows you to add and set up your meteorological stations using methods for stations management and measurements transmissions. Some features include; managing your personal weather stations, creation of the station and measurements transfer, receive the aggregated measurements from the station and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 Gain access to OpenWeatherMap's many kinds of weather maps using the Weather Map Layers API. This includes; Customized weather layers, Precipitation, Sea level pressure, Wind speed and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 Gain access to OpenWeatherMap's simple syntax and Weather Alerts methods to create triggers which will fire on an occurrence of the selected weather conditions. This includes; temperature, humidity, pressure and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 The GSMA SmartData IoT BDE API by Orange allows you access to the data translation FIWARE data model NGSIv2. This includes AirQualityObserved, WeatherObserved, Vehicle, PointOfInterest and OnStreetParking. GSMA represents the interests of mobile operators worldwide, uniting nearly 800 operators with almost 300 companies in the broader mobile ecosystem.
 The World Air Quality Index REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of the index with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include geo-based queries, retrieving air quality data for cities and regions, and retrieving current weather conditions. The World Air Quality Index project is a social enterprise project started in 2007. The mission is to promote air pollution awareness and provide a unified air quality information for places around the world. The project is providing air quality information for more than 70 countries, covering more than 9000 stations in 600 major cities, via those two websites: aqicn.org and waqi.info.
 The Weatherbit API allows developers to get >5 years of backfilled historical data, 16 day (daily) forecasts, 5 day (3 hour interval), 48 hour (hourly) forecasts, and current weather observations programmatically. Weather data is supplied by over 40,000 weather stations, and 370,000 cities located around the world. This service is geared toward high-volume users and is available in both free and paid versions.
 The Traveler Information API's allow you access to WSDOT data. This includes; Border Crossings, Highway Alerts, Mountain Pass Conditions and more. The Washington State Department of Transportation is the steward of a multimodal transportation system and responsible for ensuring that people and goods move safely and efficiently. In addition to building, maintaining, and operating the state highway system, WSDOT is responsible for the state ferry system, and works in partnership with others to maintain and improve local roads, railroads and airports, as well as to support alternatives to driving, such as public transportation, bicycles and pedestrian programs.
 This API allows you access to WSDOT Tolling data. This includes; current toll rates for high occupancy lanes, get information for the HOV toll lanes and more. The Washington State Department of Transportation is the steward of a multimodal transportation system and responsible for ensuring that people and goods move safely and efficiently. In addition to building, maintaining, and operating the state highway system, WSDOT is responsible for the state ferry system, and works in partnership with others to maintain and improve local roads, railroads and airports, as well as to support alternatives to driving, such as public transportation, bicycles and pedestrian programs.
 The WSDOT Traveler API's provides a single gateway to all of WSDOT's data. The Washington State Ferry Fare data service includes; ticket costs, categories, totals and more. The Washington State Department of Transportation is the steward of a multimodal transportation system and responsible for ensuring that people and goods move safely and efficiently. In addition to building, maintaining, and operating the state highway system, WSDOT is responsible for the state ferry system, and works in partnership with others to maintain and improve local roads, railroads and airports, as well as to support alternatives to driving, such as public transportation, bicycles and pedestrian programs.
 Solcast API delivers solar power and radiation forecasts and measurements, plus temperature - anywhere in the world.
Authentication is available via Key.
With the API, developers can obtain PV power output forecast, access solar radiation estimates, access real-time data, and apply analytics for individualized forecasts.
 The Airvisual API integrates air quality index and air pollution with a coverage in more than 60 countries, including 11,000 government stations. AirVisual data is returned in a standard and concentration AQI (US or China). Several package options are available based on the number of API calls, that can be performed in JSON format and require Key to authenticate.
 The Google Awareness API is a unified sensing platform that equips applications with the capabilities to react to, and process the different contexts that define a user’s environment and activities. Designed to optimize performance without compromising system resources, the API combines seven location and context signals into a single platform that allows developers to build powerful features that can contextualize a user’s environment and activities. The seven location and context signals are time, location, place, activity, beacons, headphones, and weather.
This API offers user friendly features and energy saving functionalities. A single Google Awareness API is sufficient to get an app running, and this simplifies the integration process and overall productivity. The API also processes raw signals to deliver filtered data about a user’s context. It is able to manage battery life while processing signals in ways that were not previously possible.
The Google Awareness API is anchored on the Fence API and Snapshot API. The Fence API allows an app to register the current situation of a user and conveys notification of the met combined context conditions. The Fence API sends callbacks of a registered fence to the destination app even when the app is off.
The Snapshot API, on the other hand, allows an app to send requests for information about the current context of a user. A Snapshot API-enabled app can request for context details such as a user’s current location and the location’s weather condition.
 [This API is no longer available and this page is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
Weathers.co offers a simple integration that displays basic weather information within a third-party application. This API supports GET requests with the "city" parameter which returns temperature, sky conditions, humidity, wind speed, date, and day when temperature was measured. JSON is used for data exchange.
 The Amdoren Weather API allows developers to integrate the 5-day weather forecast into their websites and applications. Forecasts are presented in a simple manner without extra information so that weather conditions can be determined at a glance. This API is provided free of charge.
 The Smart Citizen API provides public access to the Smart Citizen platform for application development and experimentation. The Smart Citizen platform is designed to connect data, people, and knowledge regarding the living conditions in various cities. The Smart Citizen Kit is a sensor that measures air composition, temperature, humidity, light intensity, and sound levels. Data collected by the sensor is streamed to the platform over wi-fi.
auroraslive didn't extract the description
 The BloomSky API allows developers to link their personal weather stations to a variety of different outputs. It can export a given station's latest weather data, pictures, and time-lapse videos. This API is provided by BloomSky, a hyperlocal network of weather cameras that provides real time visual weather information from around the world.
 The PredictHQ API is a gateway to a broad range of scheduled and unscheduled event categories. From public holidays, school holidays and observances, to concerts, festivals, performing arts, community, sports, conferences, expos, daylight savings, airport delays, severe weather, natural disasters and even terror. The API allows users to filter events and integrate it into their target products or applications to operate as a single source of data for events. All events have a numeric ranking so developers have the ability to further filter by major to minor events.
 The Laminar Weather Data REST API integrates forecast information, according to visibility, wind, cloud, and climate change. Developers can send HTTP requests to receive XML and GeoJSON responses. Authentication is required with Api Key.
skywise-current-&-forecast didn't extract the description
 The SkyWise Tiles API allows developers to embed detailed weather visualizations into their mapping environments and applications. Embeddable content includes radar data, satellite data, NWS watches and warnings, tropical plots, and more. Developers can pick and choose which layers to display and even combine them with layers from other sources.
 The SkyWise Insight API allows developers to access historical, current, and forecast data for any geographic area of interest. Weather information is updated hourly and has a resolution of 1km throughout North America. The API includes endpoints for standard weather variables as well as some industry-specific metrics, such as Heating/Cooling Degree Days, Growing Degree Days, and Evapotranspiration.
 This REST API allows access to weather forecasts and reports, severe weather alerts and information about when the sun and moon rise and set, and the phase of the moon. The HERE Weather API returns temperature, precipitation, wind, humidity and more. HERE is a mapping and location technology company.
 Pingeolo is a URI/CRUD API and geolocation provider with local data features such as longitude, latitude, weather, and timezone. It also offers an IP geolocation database for 170 countries which supports applications with localized search results. 4 priced plans are available, and a free trial is available as well. Developers need to register to access API documentation. The Pingeolo uses API Keys for authentication, and responds in JSON format; requests are made through HTTP.
 The Synoptic Data integrates weather information into applications. It is available in JSON architecture with SSL GET requests. Tutorials available at https://api.synoptic.io/tutorials/
 The aWhere API integrates historical weather data with the aim to improve agricultural decisions. HTTP format is available to send requests and receive responses. Authentication is required with OAuth2 access. aWhere provides agronomic data services for agriculture intelligence.
 The 511NY API integrates New York's traffic data. It is available in REST protocol with a developer Key. Traffic speeds, incidents, roadwork, and cameras can be included in new mobile traffic applications with API access. New York State 511 provides citizens with traffic and transportation information, news, and updates.
 The Tempo API is used to obtain weather forecast information through the Centro de Previsão de Tempo e Estudos Climáticos (CPTEC/INPE). This API returns information in JSON format. Vitortec is a software development firm based in Brazil which provides applications for Android, Facebook, Chrome, Windows, and Linux. Also, it offers web development services with CMS WordPress, and Bootstrap.
 The World Weather Online Local City Weather API integrates forecast predictions according to local venues. Formats include CSV, JSON, and XML.
 The World Weather Online Ski Weather API integrates forecast for chance of snow, freeze level, temperature, precipitation, and expected snow fall. Available in XML and JSON formats with Api Key.
 The World Weather Online Historical or Past Weather API integrates previous forecast records into applications. It is available in CSV, JSON, and XML formats.
 The Weather Online Local City and Town Weather integrates forecast predictions according to location. It is available in CSV, JSON, JSONP, and XML formats.
world-weather-online-marine,-sailing,-surfing-weather didn't extract the description
 The Travelbriefing.org Public API is a database-as-a-service platform that provides access to country-specific information about travel regulations and prevailing environmental conditions. Users seeking to travel to particular destinations only need to make API calls to remotely access information such as security situation, visa requirements, weather, transport, energy, financials, communication, health, and demographic characteristics of populations. Developers can also take advantage of the API’s flexibility to integration with other projects. The Travelbriefing.org Public API conveys requests and responses in JSON format.
 The Meteotest Data Exchange API provides data and weather forecasts. Available in German language, Meteotest offers measurements of the past and forecasts of the future, in addition to information about temperature, sunshine, rain showers, snow and wind and fog and thunder and lightning calculated by Meteonorm software. Protocols include JSON, JSONP, XML, YAML, CSV, and Text. Accessible with Key.
nasa-predict-the-sky didn't extract the description
 The Windy API is a free public API that developers can use to add an interactive animated weather forecast map to applications and websites. The Windy animated map displays information and forecasts for wind, clouds, waves, temperature, and more. The API requires the Leaflet JavaScript library.
 The Planet OS API provides access to a growing catalog of Earth data from the world's most respected providers. Developers, researchers, and climate specialists can integrate environmental data into applications, analyses, and other data-driven solutions. The RESTful API requires an API key to make requests and is accessible for free with a basic account. Planet OS focuses on collecting earth, environment, weather and climate data through IoT sensors.
 The meteoblue API is an interface for weather data designed to receive forecasts from direct HTTP requests to meteoblue servers. The requests are executed instantaneously and always provide latest up-to-date data. The meteoblue API provides updated local weather information for systems, weather information for each location on Earth (or in the ocean) from coordinates (latitude/longitude) and altitude (asl), flexible requests adapted to user demand (no pre-programmed daily downloads), and the opportunity to minimize infrastructure for hosting weather data.
 The WeatherBug Pulse API allows developers to retrieve live weather conditions, forecasts, lightning information, and severe weather warnings for all US zip codes. WeatherBug is a full source weather provider that offers exclusive data from its network of over 8,000 weather observation stations. WeatherBug is available for free on a variety of platforms including Android, iOS, and Windows desktop.
nasa's-mars-atmospheric-aggregation-system-(maas) didn't extract the description
 The FeedSyndicate Weather API allows developers to access up-to-date weather information for their web and mobile applications. The feed is dynamically generated based on the user's zip code, Location ID, or geocode and can provide up to a 7-day forecast. This API provides weather data for thousands of locations, both in the U.S. and internationally. FeedSyndicate provides full news to entertainment content feeds for websites and applications.
 The Velocity Weather API allows developers to incorporate the Baron Weather service into their applications. Data products in the API fall into two categories – Text and Graphical products. Text products are returned in either JSON or JSONP text formats, and can be displayed on a map or integrated into a user interface. Graphical products are images, provided in PNG format for overlay onto a map. Data provided includes shore wave conditions, tornado tracking, roadway conditions, Baron provides actionable and intelligent weather services helping business across several industries mitigate dangerous weather.
 The NEA Datasets API offers updated weather, and environmental information by Singapore's National Environment Agency. It provides an application with ultraviolet information, forecasts, and earthquake information. Developers need to register and receive an API key before using this API. The National Environment Agency is responsible for preserving a clean environment in Singapore.
 The Qalendra Predictions API provides long-range predictions for travel and hospitality. This Restful API responds in the JSON format and employs HTTP Basic Authentication. It is powered by algorithms that ingest big data, compare all destinations at once and identify where the best conditions for vacations, sports and activities are, anywhere in the world, with months in advance. Different data sources are analyzed such as weather , terrain, and traffic. Qalendra offers one pay-per-use plan.
 The ECMWF API allows outside developers to access some internal data and features of the ECMWF center. This external access is limited and managed by the User Profile access (Member State, Commercial customers, ECMWF staff member...). ECMWF ( European Center for Medium range Weather Forecasting ) provides a model for medium-range numerical weather prediction. This API is RESTful.
 The Apixu API provides weather data for developing weather apps. The RESTful API uses JSON over HTTP for requests/returns and requires an API Key for authentication. Apixu offers data for real-time weather, 10 day weather forecast, astronomy, time zone, and location. A few of the available methods include: maximum and minimum temperature, wind speed, sun and moon rise/set, and "feels like" temperatures. See the API documentation for full method descriptions and information on how to get started developing with Apixu.
 The Soil Conditions API uses detail from several in-house computer models to provide users with historically estimated depth specific soil moisture and temperature conditions. Requests require a unique API key, and both requests and responses are in HTTP.
Iteris ClearAg provides high-resolution data services, derived from data assimilation and modeling technologies, for agricultural applications. ClearAg offers multiple APIs for agribusiness and offers API integration, application framework and white label capability.
 The Crop Health API provides growth, pest, and specific recommendation to agricultural users through single sine, corn growth, spring wheat growth, canola growth, sugar beet growth, and barley growth API services.
Iteris ClearAg provides high-resolution data services, derived from data assimilation and modeling technologies, for agricultural applications. ClearAg offers multiple APIs for agribusiness and offers API integration, application framework and white label capability.
 The Field Weather API uses ClearAg's meteorological data, weather models and sensor data to provide users with field specific weather data. Requests require a unique API key and both requests and responses are in HTTP or HTTPS. Field Weather API methods include historical and current forecasts, temperature, hail, and rain data.
Iteris ClearAg provides high-resolution data services, derived from data assimilation and modeling technologies, for agricultural applications. ClearAg offers multiple APIs for agribusiness and offers API integration, application framework and white label capability.
 The Map Overlay API uses ClearAg's meteorological data, weather models and sensor data to to generate map overlays for specific locals. Requests require a unique API key, and both requests and responses are in HTTP. Map Overlay API provides overlays of observed and forecasted data, including radar imagery, temperature, humidity, and wind speeds. Iteris ClearAg provides high-resolution data services, derived from data assimilation and modeling technologies, for agricultural applications. ClearAg offers multiple APIs for agribusiness and offers API integration, application framework and white label capability.
 The AgriCharts getWeather API provides developers access to current conditions and forecasts based on zip code; as well as weather maps based on type or region. AgriCharts is a BarChart Company, providing agribusinesses cloud-based data and API solutions.
 The Airlines API delivers important details about an airline including IATA/ICAO codes, airline name, and active/inactive status. This data can be delivered as an XML or JSON response localized to multiple languages.
The Weather API includes METAR, TAF (Terminal Aerodrome/Area Forecast), and Zone Forecasts.
METAR reports provide up-to-date information on current weather conditions at an airport; we enrich these reports with tag annotations identifying prevailing conditions and notable hazards that may impact aviation.
Our two forecast products, TAF and Zone Forecasts, are complementary in scope.
TAF provides a detailed forecast for the immediate vicinity of an airport, generally covering a 9 to 12 hour window (sometimes greater).
Zone Forecasts provide longer-term and more geographically broad outlook via day-by-day forecasts generally stretching up to about a week in the future.
 WeatherSTEM is a service that is designed to help educators create STEM lessons and activities that incorporate real-world weather. Users can add WeatherSTEM's current and historical data to their websites and applications via API. Code examples are provided in ActionScript 3, Curl, C#, Java, Ruby, and other common languages.
 The only accurate long range forecast API available. Using the LRC methodology and created by actual meteorologists, the Weather2020 API offers 12-weeks of written forecasts as well as video forecasts and education.
 Sunrise-Sunset is a free online service that provides users with information on day length, twilight, sunrise times, and sunset times for any date and location in the world. The free Sunrise Sunset Times API allows users to retrieve exact sunrise and sunset times for a given latitude and longitude. Users may also specify a date if they wish.
 The BreezoMeter Air Quality API allows developers to request air quality information for a specified location (given in latitude and longitude coordinates) including indexes, pollutants, and health recommendations. Developers can request a location's current conditions, hourly forecast for up to four days, and hourly history going back up to 30 days.
BreezoMeter provides global, real-time air quality data that can help individuals make better health decisions based on their local air pollution levels and their personal sensitivities.
 PressureNet.io is a company that provides atmosphere data and software intelligence for improving weather and climate forecasting. They've built an open source platform that collects live atmosphere data from Android smartphones locate around the world. This network takes 5 million measurements per day. Atmosphere researchers can access a feed of this data from the PressureNet API.
 DOCOMO is a Japanese provider that offers a suite of API tools meant to streamline application development. Developers can make calls to the Environment Sensor API in order to retrieve temperature, precipitation rates, and UV radiation detection from all 47 Japanese prefectures. These weather statistics are updated on an hourly basis. The Environment Sensor API can be implemented via REST and is accessible through it's corresponding Android & Java SDKs. DOCOMO also offers an API console to easily demo their many APIs.
 The 5 Day Weather API accepts a city as a single parameter and returns a 5 day forecast. Specifically, the API will accept an HTTP request with a city name identifier and will return a JSON object that includes the requested city name, the temperature, the sky conditions, projected humidity, wind speed in MPH, and day names with associated calendar dates. Users can make specific calls to switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit and Km/h and mph according to local standards. The API is free to use without restriction. Developers interested in testing the functionality of the API can visit the 5DayWeather.org web app that is accessible on most devices. The site also hosts a widget for website add-on integrations.
 Growstuff is an online community of food gardeners. Using their open source platform, gardeners can track seeds they plant, exchange seeds with local gardeners, and learn more about growing their own food. Growstuff is in the process of developing an API that will allow 3rd party applications to be built around their open datasets regarding crop, climate, and geographic specific planting advice. The API will be in a JSON format with HTTP requests. Additional open developer documentation is available on GitHub.
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture, media, financial, and energy industries. The getWeather API provides current conditions and forecasts based on zip code. As well as weather maps based on type or region. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 The Numerous app consolidates the important numbers that a user follows on a daily basis into a convenient viewable and customizable model. The app allows for tracking and sharing of personal behavioural statistics as well as social, weather, calendar, price indexes, and other forms of monitoring. The app offers a RESTful API that allows for account and data sharing for integration with 3rd party applications.
 The World Bank profiles climate data in the site Climate Change World Portal. The organization also offers an API for developers interested to access some of the info uploaded on such website. With the API, users can create an application featuring information in real time. This could be valuable because the reports will always be recent. The API is about access to climate information. Some of the resources include REST basic requests in the form of variables to support time, precipitation, temperature, historical data and statistics. API Key is required. Developers can use this data to support their own applications, as long as they fulfill the requirements stated in World Bank’s terms of use.
 The WeatherTrigger API allows users to retrieve weather information for the last 7 days, the current weather, or the 7-day forecast. Users can query data for locations around the world by their geographic coordinates or zip code. Up to three queries can be included in a single API call.
 WeerAPI is an unofficial API that scrapes basic weather data from the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI). WeerAPI delivers data from 36 monitoring stations. Datatypes include temperature, humidity, wind speed, visibility, and air pressure.
 Venstar Inc is a designer and producer of lighting, refrigeration, and HVAC systems that are focused on increased technology. The products include and focus on Energy Management, Internet Control, Wireless Products, Phone Control, Voice Recognition, Light Activation, and IR Remote Control. The Venstar API utilizes a Remote Control Protocol which enables WiFi equipped thermostats to be controlled through REST calls. An account is required with service.
 The Trogsoft UK Weather API provides a variety of weather information for the United Kingdom. Some API methods include retreiving: up to five day forecast, current observations every hour, lookup forecasts and observations by latitude and longitude, lookup forecasts and observations by large town or city name, and access to historical observations.
 AirNOW is a U.S. EPA program that provides forecast and real-time air quality information (AQI) across North America. AirNOW collects data from more than 2,000 monitoring stations and forecasts for over 300 cities.
The AirNOW API allows developers to programmatically access air quality forecasts and real-time data. The API is able to deliver data for a specific zip code or a set of geographic coordinates, as well as historical air quality observations.
 The National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) is a service of NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. The NCDC is responsible for preserving, monitoring, assessing, and providing public access to climate and historical weather data.
The Severe Weather Data Inventory (SWDI) is a dataset of severe weather records for the U.S. The database integrates records from a variety of NCDC sources. The SWDI API provides programmatic access to the database. The API is able to specify a dataset and date range, and filter results using a variety of parameters.
 The Open Meteo Foundation (OMetFn) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting open meteorological data, technology, and science. One project of the OMetFn is Open Meteo Forecast, which seeks to provide open weather forecasts for locations around the world. The Open Meteo Forecast API gives developers programmatic access to a small portion of the group's data. This API is still experimental, and feedback is welcome.
 The NWCC (National Water and Climate Center) is a US government organization created to develop information and technology resources on snow, water, climate, and hydrology. The NWCC provides the Air-Water Database (AWDB) API, which allows users to retrieve data, metadata, 30-year normals, and water availability forecasts via SOAP calls.
 The Netatmo Security API allows developers to get notifications and to retrieve events and timelines of events for Netatmo's smart indoor cameras, smart outdoor cameras, smart smoke alarms, and smart door and window sensors.
This API is part of Netatmo Connect, which is Netatmo's API suite for integrating with their products. Netatmo designs, produces and distributes smart devices for people’s homes.
 Predictivez is a data prediction service that aims to help companies with predictive analytics in production, sales, forecasting, and other metrics. The Predictivez API uses REST calls, returns JSON, csv, or excel, and requires an account for use. The API allows users to submit data for analysis and retrieve predictions and forecasts.
 The Iowa Environmental Mesonet (IEM) collects and makes available environmental data from a network of independent members. The IEM produces several products to display their data, including the RadMap API. The RadMap dynamically generates a PNG image based on a given set of HTTP parameters.
 MSW (Magic SeaWeed) provides detailed, long range surf forecasts for almost 3000 beaches in 180 countries. The MSW Forecast API offers programmatic access to core weather and ocean data specifically purposed for surfing. The RESTful API provides access to data types such as breaking wave height, wind, temperature, and sea level pressure.
 World Weather Online provides global weather content and forecasts businesses, travel industry, and websites. The World Weather Online Ski and Mountain API method allows developers and programmers to access accurate and reliable weather forecast for Top, Middle and Bottom Elevations. The API uses REST calls and returns weather data in XML and JSON format and contains weather elements like Chance of Snow, Total Snowfall amount, temperature, precipitation (rainfall), weather description, weather icon and wind speed. It could be used for personal as well as for commercial purpose.
 MeteoGalicia is the regional meteorological agency for Galicia, Spain. MeteoGalicia provides operative weather forecasts, numerical weather forecasts, meteorological visualization and climatology.
MetoGalicia's MeteoSIX API is a free web service for access to meteorological and oceanographic information. Use the API to retrieve tide forecasts, estimated sunrise and sunset hours, and results of the different numeric forecast models. The API is RESTful and an API key is required.
 rFocus provides a handful of GIS-related web services to the public free of charge. These are limited in focus, designed mainly to showcase some of the technologies that rFocus has been involved in. They are also available as a resource for anyone who only requires simple geolocation services. The GIS APIs allow users to find the real-world locations of IP addresses, get the GPS locations of physical addresses, perform reverse geocoding, retrieve location-related Wikipedia articles, get the weather for a given location, and track courier packages.
 WindOnTheWater.com is a mashup of data from real-time public wind sensors and Google Maps. It was built as a resource for kiteboarding, windsurfing, sailing, and other wind-based activities.
WindOnTheWater.com exposes its mashed up data through a free API. Through simple HTTP calls, developers can automate access to wind data, tides, webcams, and more, filterable by region or specified location.
 Bitcoin Sentiment is a polling site where users vote on the future price of Bitcoins. The site also offers charts of the sentiment data, and makes the data freely downloadable. The Bitcoin Sentiment API allows users to send votes to indicate bullish or bearish prospects for the Bitcoin economy, and get data from Bitcoin Sentiment. The services uses REST calls and is free to use.
 The IMN (Instituto MeteorolÃ³gico Nacional) is the scientific body responsible for the coordination of all meteorological activities in Costa Rica. It systematically monitors the weather in order to promote the safety of air navigation and prevent hydrometeorological disasters.
The IMN API provides users with programmatic means for getting the current weather as well as near and long-term forecasts for cities or regions within Costa Rica. The website and the API documentation are given only in Spanish.
 Weather Source is a service that provides weather data. Weather Source provides weather data for clients in multiple industries for multiple purposes. Weather Source provides historical weather data and reports, weather forecast data, and astronomical reports.
The Weather Source API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Weather Source with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving weather history data, and retrieving astronomical data.
city-of-tempe-local-weather didn't extract the description
 ClimbingWeather.com provides pinpoint weather data for climbing sites. Weather data is pulled from the National Weather Service National Digital Forecast Database. The ClimbingWeather.com API provides a RESTful interface for interacting with the siteâ€™s area and forecast data. The API returns JSON formatted responses.
 Lost Springs Ranch is located in the Texas Hill Country west of Austin. They provide a safe habitat for local wildlife and propagate native plants, especially those endemic to Central Texas. The Lost Springs website primarily contains photos and information about the native plants; however, it also provides a local weather information service. This can be viewed directly through the site, or users may employ a SOAP-based API to retrieve weather information as either text or an image.
 Metwit is a real-time, crowdsourced, social weather application. Users can share information about the weather through tags and applications and users can search for weather by location.
The Metwit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Metwit with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include sending and receiving weather information, retrieving weather information by location, and accessing metatags associated with weather reports.
 The Weekly CO2 API is a JSONP service providing the latest weekly atmospheric CO2 average as measured at NOAA's Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii. The data is sourced from MLO's RSS feed. The averages recorded for the same week 1 and 10 years ago can also be retrieved. Responses are formatted in plain text.
 The service provides metadata describing stations maintained by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) for monitoring weather conditions. It does not provide measurements of weather logged by the stations, rather it gives station locations and describes their surrounding environments. Location is specified as two-letter codes for U.S. state or Canadian province and latitude/longitude pair. Additional conditions noted include elevation, nearby rivers or lakes, etc.
API methods support retrieval of descriptive metadata about a weather station, either by NOAA ID value or name, with dates when conditions were assessed. Methods also retrieve stations within a specified state or country and descriptive data recorded during particular date ranges.
 SnoCountry exists to highlight and disseminate snow conditions, mountain weather, snowsport events, and ski resort information. The SnoCountry API provides developer access to snow conditions and resort data. Responses may be returned in JSON or HTML format.
 OpenSnow.com provides meteorologist-crafted snow reports and forecasts for ski resorts across America. The OpenSnow API provides developer access to ski area forecasts. Responses may be returned in XML, JSON, or CSV format.
 The service from the Korean Meteorological Administration (KMA) provides a shared database of weather observations, measurements, and forecasts. It reports any special warnings about weather conditions in the area along with reports on lightning activity, radar and satellite imagery, weather charts, and related resources. Data services are provided to partner agencies, businesses, and the general public.
API methods support retrieval of forecast data, warnings about extraordinary conditions, readings from surface observation stations, and satellite radar data.
 reegle is a clean energy information service that makes management and tagging of clean energy and climate relevant services more easily accomplished through their automated tag extraction service. reegle also provides a semantic index which allows users to be guided to relevant articles based on their search terms through resources such as: reegle.info, Linked Open Data (LOD), REEEP project outcome documents and more. Content is available in English, German, French, Portuguese and Spanish.
The reegle API is REST based with returns formatted in either XML, JSON or RDF. GET and POST methods are supported.
 Swellcast provides surf and weather information for many locations in Australia. Swellcast offers forecast information for beaches and surf in Australia.
The Swellcast API allows developers to access and integrate the data of Swellcast with other applications and to create new applications. The API methods are returning information on surf forecasts by all states, by specific states, and by location.
 Weather-API.net provides weather information with focus on historical weather tracking. Information is currently available from 53 years ago with access to over 1.9 million datapoints. A hourly historical weather forecast is available as well. All of the information comes from government vetted sources of information and has been closely scrutinized for accuracy.
The Server-based API (also Javascript available) allows you to place GET calls for multiple locations based on latitude or longitude, city name, country name, US zip code, dates and various types of weather conditions (precipitation). XML formatting is available, but JSON is the default
 The service provides a mapped image for U.S. weather conditions as detected by NEXRAD weather radar stations. Also available are GOES imagery created by geostationary weather satellites for inclusion in GIS output, local storm reports, and warnings and watches issued by county authorities.
API methods support submission of a query with URL parameters that specify location, desired image size, and technical specifications for radar data to be selected. Returned data provide a link to a PNG image showing the most recently recorded radar results illustrated as storm cells, cloud cover, and related weather phenomena. Methods allow specification of location by named places according to the list in the 2010 U.S. Census.
 Radarmatic provides a JSON data feed representing measured precipitation from 200 weather radar stations, both within and outside the continental United States. Radar data come from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), which aggregates and provides the data either in real time or with only short delays. The service caches the NOAA feeds and generates JSON output.
API methods support requests specifying a radar reporting station to retrieve data representing its most recent report of precipitation. Only one station may be specified at a time currently. The JSON output allows creation of images in the browser to recreate conditions detected by the reporting station. Requests can also retrieve data for radar readings previous to the current one.
 The Solar Energy Mining (SOLEMI) service provides measures of solar energy available at locations across Europe and Africa, along with selected parts of Asia, Australia, and South America. Measures of solar irradiance data are derived from images taken by Meteosat satellites over the period 1991-2005 for locations in Europe and Africa and 1999-2006 for Asian locations. Measures are available for hourly increments with a spatial resolution of 2.5 km.
API methods support submission of a location and date range for which irradiance measures are desired. The API returns measures for global horizontal irradiance (GHI) and direct at normal incidence (DNI).
 The service provides a tool for estimating cost savings and environmental benefits from renewable energy system installations. It is available both via a customizable web interface and a SOAP API. It accepts inputs such as the location of a proposed system and its likely performance parameters such as technologies employed, specific models and numbers of equipment to be used, and similar project specifications.
API methods support analysis of project characteristics to generate estimates of economic benefits and environmental improvements. Specifications to be input include equipment, quantities, and costs as well as other relevant estimates such as natural gas prices, electric service rates, weather data source, and financing details. The API generates summaries of system cost and financial performance, expected utility bills and system cash flow, and power load along with reduction in emissions from conventional electricity generation.
 The service provides accumulated data about solar energy potential and weather relevant to solar energy production for specified locations. It helps to estimate the effectiveness of solar power installations, including photovoltaic (PV) technologies. A PVSimulator function provides analysis of aggregated data to project likely behavior of a PV system installed at a specified location. Data provide hourly readings recorded by weather satellites.
API methods support submission of a location specified as latitude and longitude to retrieve measures of solar irradiance, measured as direct normal irradiance (DNI), global horizontal irradiance (GHI), and diffuse horizontal irradiance (DIF). Related data provide measures of weather conditions such as cloud cover, precipitation, and temperature that can also affect solar power production.
 The service provides measures of solar energy available at specified locations on the earth's surface. Data give monthly mean values of solar irradiance measures for locations around the globe. Data reflect satellite observations and meteorological observations and analyses from U.S. government agencies, the National Center for Environmental Predictions (NCEP) and National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR). Separate observations are rationalized by data fusion techniques.
API methods support submission of a global location as latitude, longitude, and elevation. The API returns solar energy measures such as downwelling shortwave irradiance along with low, high, and average readings for air temperature and relative humidity.
 The service provides aggregated 3-day weather forecasts for several surface measurements of meteorological conditions, including wind speed and direction, barometric pressure, temperature, relative humidity, and precipitation. It also provides forecasts of solar irradiance. Estimates are updated every 3 hours. The data come from the National Centers for Environmental Prediction, part of the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
API methods support designation of a location by latitude, longitude, and elevation along with the types of weather observations desired. The API returns aggregated forecasts for the specific meterological measures at the requested location.
 The service provides a Digital Elevation Model (DEM) build from data representing terrain features as detected by the Shuttle Radar Tomography Mission (SRTM). Elevation affects the efficiency of solar energy collection, including photovoltaic (PV) electricity production. By modeling terrain features and elevation, the service helps to improve accuracy of estimates of solar energy production at a location.
API methods support specification of an area of interest (AOI), either a bounding box defined by mapped coordinates or a single location. Methods return high-accuracy elevation data for use in solar energy production estimates.
 The service provides a digital model of terrain elevation and slope based on a database of terrain features compiled by the EU-funded MESoR project. Elevation and slope affect the efficiency of solar energy collection and electricity generation via photovoltaic (PV) power plants. In addition to the data service, a mapping function allows for interactive consideration of sites for solar power plants.
API methods support designation of an area of interest as a mapped bounding box or specific location. Returned data provide mapping data to represent elevation, slope, and other topological features.
 The service provides estimates of reduction of efficiency of solar energy installations due to shadows cast by terrain and other objects at a location. Estimates are based on data collected during the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM), which created highly detailed images of surface topography. For a specified location, the service can project interference with solar irradiance by naturally occurring and constructed terrain features.
API methods support submission of a location's coordinates to receive an estimate of the relief shadow effect on solar resources there. Shadow effect is stated as a percentage of the day that solar irradiance will be blocked. Methods also provide esimates of global horizontal irradiance and direct normal irradiance under clear-sky conditions.
 The service provides estimates of solar energy potential for sites in Africa, the region surrounding the Mediterranean Sea, and the central part of the Atlantic Ocean. It refers to a database of solar radiation estimates based on images taken over a 20-year period by the Meteosat satellites. In addition to estimates of solar energy production, the data may provide useful input for climate studies.
API methods support submission of location coordinates to retrieve estimated values for solar irradiance there. Each request can specify either a single geographic point or multiple points. Separate services are available for the period 1985-2005 and 2004-2005.
 The service is provided by the U.S. National Water and Climate Center (NWCC), a division of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It gives access to the AWDB (air and water database) which documents measurements of soil, water, and climatic conditions. Datasets are compiled by automated systems for measuring snowpack and stations in the Soil Climate Analysis Network (SCAN). Other measurements of snow accumulation and available water supplies are also included, such as streamflow and reservoir levels.
API methods support queries against the AWDB datasets. Specific methods give access to resources like the SNOTEL (SNOw TELemetry) climate service, more general indexes of climate conditions, National Weather Service COOP stations, 30-year normal levels for some measures, etc.
 The service provides access to the database maintained by the New Zealand national government of climate information. Data come from weather condition readings over time logged by approximately 6500 climate stations operating at various times since 1850. Over 600 stations currently contribute data.
API methods supply both raw data and statistical summaries by station and for specific time periods. Raw data provide readings on key climatic measures with several frequencies: 10 minutes, hourly, and daily. Summary statistics aggregate readings by month and year and calculate estimates of normal levels for six readings over 30-year spans.
 El Guille is a website offering articles and tutorials on programming with Visual Basic, C#, ASP.NET, XAML, and other languages. The Conversor API provided by el Guille enables users to convert temperatures between Celsius and Fahrenheit. This service uses SOAP calls issued in XML format. The website and API documentation are provided exclusively in Spanish.
 The service provides functions for visualizing data about the effectiveness of meteorological models to help evaluate their predictive success. A web-based tool plots measures of model accuracy using functions of the R statistical package. The web service generates XML serializations specifying each data plot, along with supporting resources to enable visual display.
API methods support listing of available meteorological databases, forecast variables they store, and values for those variables from a selected database. Methods allow iteration for a range of selected databases, variables, and data values to generate a specification for a data plot to be generated by the visualization service.
 Previmeteo is a weather forecasting service. The site offers local and regional forecasts, weather maps, satellite images, a weather dashboard widget, XML data, weather alerts by SMS, fax or emails and more. The API gives users an alternative to the since deprecated Google Weather API. It offers the same functionality as the Google Weather API but connects to the Previmeteo weather forecasting service. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
lter-climdb/hydrodb didn't extract the description
 The service provides access to data from North Carolina's Climate Retrieval and Observation Network of the Southeast (CRONOS), a record collected and maintained by the state of weather observation data from the surrounding region. It is intended to eliminate concerns with database structure and query syntax needed to interact with the database directly. Instead it provides URL-based access to particular chunks of data.
API methods support retrieval of weather observation data in plain text for a specified collection station and date range. Methods also allow specification of observation intervals desired -- minute-by-minute, hourly, or daily -- and application of quality control checks.
sigimera didn't extract the description
 The service provides frequently updated reports of snow conditions, including new snowfall and related weather events, for ski resorts worldwide. It also provides information about resort facilities and activities useful for winter sports enthusiasts and vacation travel planners.
API methods support specification of a location or region to receive listings of ski resorts nearby and retrieval of existing and new snow reported by those facilities. Methods also support retrieval of resort profiles, photos and images, and special deals or promotions offered.
 The RestFul Web Services Weather Forecast API provides the weather forecast for a given location, specified by name. This service can be accessed using either REST or SOAP calls in XML format. Both types of calls are aimed at WSDL endpoints.
 The service provides download access to data from the Space Environment Monitory (SEM) service from the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) of the U.S. National Atmospheric and Oceanic Administration (NOAA). Available data include lists of locations monitored by the service, metadata about the locations, and actual satellite monitoring data. Applications can import SEM data for further analysis and processing.
API methods support retrieval of descriptions of the data structure provided by SEM, including field names, descriptions, data formats, minimum and maximum values, etc. Methods also support retrieval of the monitoring data itself, giving the specific satellite and time-stamped sensor readings. The API gives access to specifications for the locations monitored, as well.
 The CORDC HFRADAR Maps API by the UC San Diego provides access to data for high-frequency radar (HFRADAR) vectors to be incorporated with mapping applications based on the Google Maps API. Data come from buoy sensors maintained by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). The service provides access to input from this network, formatted to display on Google Maps.
API methods support specification of location and time frame, along with many other variables relevant to displaying the data as map images. Specifications provide control of image zoom, opacity, and color scale, for example. Resulting images show conditions detected by weather radar at a wide range of resolutions for coastal locations monitored by NOAA.
 The CORDC COAMPS Winds Model by the UC San Diego provides current estimates of wind conditions for locations along and near U.S. coastlines. For a specified location, it reports both current and forecasted values for wind speed and direction, along with related weather conditions such as barometric pressure, temperature, sea level and pressure, etc.
API methods support retrieval of wind data for a location specified by either latitude and longitude or geographic boundaries. Methods also provide general meteorological data for ocean conditions, atmospheric pressure, ambient temperature, and related values.
CORDC stands for the service from the U.S. Coastal Observing Research and Development Center.
 The TideSpy API supplies users with tide heights, timezone info, wind, and moon/sun data to users through an HTTP request. The data is returned in JSON format. The full documentation is available after registration, and a small monthly fee is charged for you of the API.
 The SpitCast API allows users to access SpitCasts surf prediction algorithm. The API uses the REST protocol and returns JSON surf predictions. The service provides surf data for regions along the California coast. To see example uses visit the SpitCast API home page.
 The main purpose of the European Organisation for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites (EUMETSAT) is to make available weather- and climate-related satellite data, images, and products. The EUMETSAT Product Navigator is a service that allows users to search through the available data products. The Product Navigator can be accessed using either a web interface or a SOAP API.
 The CDYNE Weather API allows users to retrieve weather information for U.S. cities. Users may either retrieve the current weather or a seven day forecast, both of which are updated hourly. The information is gathered from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) National Weather Service.
 Meteostone is a crowd-sourced network of local weather data and weather media information from around the world. All content is provided by users. The Meteostone API allows users to create their own weather applications or services using Meteostone weather data.
 The service provides access to data used in the provider's hurricane-information site, based on weather satellite input from the U.S. National Weather Service. It reports on status and location of all current, active hurricanes, tropical storms, and tropical depressions, over the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. It is intended to supply time-critical information about storms that threaten damage to the U.S. mainland, beginning when the NWS starts issuing warnings.
API methods support listing current storms, either hurricanes or tropical storms, and retrieving the location and status of any individual storm. Methods also support retrieval of forecasted changes in location and status.
 The service provides application-level access to weather data from the Norwegian Meteorological Institute related to both civil and military activities. It excludes access to some data provided by organizations other than the institute itself, as noted in product-specific documentation. The service provides forecasts and reports of observed conditions in either Norwegian or English, weather map images, and related information such as reports of volcanic activity and sunset/sunrise times.
API methods support retrieval of both text and audio forecasts by area within Norway, observation station reports, and supporting imagery such as maps and some satellite and radar images. Methods also provide reports of winds, tides, volcanic activity, UV index, and other ancillary information.
 The Dark Sky API integrates weather predictions into applications via JSON & REST protocol. API methods are available for Current conditions. Minute-by-minute forecasts out to 1 hour. Hour-by-hour forecasts out to 48 hours and Day-by-day forecasts out to 7 days. The Dark Sky API allows you to look up the current or historical weather anywhere on the globe. The forecasts are available in multiple languages. First 1,000 API calls are available at no cost, following with a fee of $0.0001 for each call after.
 The service provides access to weather and climate datasets, including 3-hour and daily forecasts for 5000 UK locations and actual recorded observations of weather events from the previous 24 hours. The service can provide data for individual sites or for all sites for which observations and forecasts are made. Additional functions provide listings of sites and reporting capabilities.
API methods support requests for either 3-hour or daily forecasts by site or for all sites during specified time periods. Methods also accept requests for weather observations with similar site and time parameters.
 The service provides search against the digital repository of the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research, part of the National Center of Atmospheric Research. The service can deliver resources based on free-text search or field-specific (advanced) search. Results can be sorted by relevance or by combinations of field-value filters, and limitations can be applied by date range, collection, or geographic location.
API methods support submission of a query as free text or targeted to specific fields in the item description index. Methods also allow specification of a collection to retrieve only items contained in that subset. The API also allows submission of date range and geographic filters and specification of result ordering criteria.
 Tenki is the website of the Japan Weather Association. The Tenki API provides users with weather information such as the forecast, UV and pollen information, umbrella index and more. This data can be integrated with a user's web site or application. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 API providing degree days for locations worldwide. It calculates heating degree days and cooling degree days in Celsius or Fahrenheit, to any base temperature, and in a range of breakdowns such as daily, weekly, monthly, yearly, and multi-year average. Data can be fetched by weather station ID or by postal/zip code or longitude/latitude position anywhere in the world.
 The World Bank Climate Change Knowledge Portal offers information, reports, and data about climate and climate change.
The World Bank Climate API allows developers to access and integrate the data from the Climate Change Knowledge Portal with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching and returning climate data points, such as average temperatures and rainfalls and changes in averages and by countries.
 The service gathers data from multiple sensor networks and public reports to generate forecasts of earthquake and seismic hazards. It does not aim to predict specific events but rather to generate probabilistic forecasts of risk based on event probability and likely damage, should those events occur. Its goal is to aid in preparation for natural catastrophes that can be anticipated.
API methods support submission of a location for which to generate a forecast along with a radius around that point, a timeframe, and a magnitude threshold. The service returns a forecast of the hazard that an earthquake above the stated threshold will occur within the radius around the stated location within the timeframe specified.
 This API is the CO-OPS Implementation of IOOS (Integrated Ocean Observation System) SOS (Sensor Observation Service). IOOS is an online tool that allows users to access information on oceanic, coastal, and Great Lakes environments collected from sources that can include NOAA and other federal agencies, the IOOS Regional Associations, and potentially other national or international organizations.
With the IOOS SOS API, users can retrieve data on currents, water levels (preliminary, verified, and predicted), meteorology, water conditions, wave harmonics, sensors, and stations via HTTP GET/POST.
 The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) installs, operates, and maintains an extensive automated system to collect snowpack and related climatic data in the Western United States called SNOTEL (for SNOwpack TELemetry). The SNOTEL API provides SOAP-based access to data collected by this system.
 The National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) North American Mesoscale (NAM) Model retrieves and analyzes data taken from across the continental U.S. to make predictions about future weather conditions. Data used by this model comes from the Advanced Weather Interactive Processing System (AWIPS). The SOAP API for accessing the NCEP NAM functionality is provided by CUAHSI Hydrologic Information System (HIS).
 The service provides access to historical data, images, and descriptive metadata about solar terrestrial physics. It is intended to enable generation of space environment models and forecasts describing solar flares and events plus other features of weather in space via unified web-based access to a distributed database network and Java middle-ware servers.
API methods support retrieval of data and metadata, specified by format and date range. Methods also support image plotting with specification of parameters like image width and height, scale and data labels, colors, date range of data to plot, etc.
australian-bureau-of-meteorology didn't extract the description
 The service provides access to the Norwegian Meteorological Institute's database of weather and climate data for Norway and the region. Applications can retrieve reported data from current and past weather stations and from other institutions that have provided reports and allow distribution of their data. Services range from basic data listings to sophisticated analysis tools and report formats.
API methods support data retrieval with two levels of detail, standard and complete, plus graphing of data as frequency distributions, monthly summaries, trend indicators, and by reporting station. Data include temperature, pressure, and humidity readings for a specific time period, as time series, and by reporting station.
united-nations-swera didn't extract the description
 The service consolidates global weather information from multiple sources for standardized access via a single XML interface. Applications can retrieve current weather forecast information for most locations in the world via an adaptation of the Global Forecast System numeric weather model. Created to meet needs of flight planning, the service also supports forecasting needs for land transportation, agriculture, and other applications.
API methods return current temperature, winds aloft, and other general weather information for a specified location, along with forecasted weather conditions and charts. Methods also provide descriptions of terrain and altitude, as well as archives of past weather conditions for a given time and location.
 The service provides reports of known delays and other airport status from the FAA's Air Traffic Control System Command Center (ATCSCC). It also returns current weather reports from NOAA for the airport.
Methods accept an IATA airport code and return a status message, reason for any flight delays, and average length of delays. Return data also includes the current weather forecast for the airport with update time local to that location.
 Free API for delivery of XML and JSON weather feeds for global locations specified by latitude/longitude, Postcode, or Zipcode. Options include current weather condition and 2-day forecast information for multiple global locations, 7-day forecast information for any single global location, and snow report data (where available) plus 6-day forecast information for any single ski resort or mountain location.
 The Government of Singapore offers an online data catalogue at data.gov.sg for data from dozens of government agencies. A number of APIs are available including APIs for maps (wireless hotspots, family services, performing arts centers, monuments, waste disposal sites, parks, hotels, tourist attractions, etc.); traffic (incidents, images, road conditions, parking availability, etc.); tourism (events, places, hotels, etc.); environment (weather conditions, vehicle and appliance pollution datasets, etc.); and library data feeds (eBook catalogues, library programs and locations, new item search, catalogue search, etc.). APIs are RESTful, JavaScript, and ESRI.
 This API provides users with the forecast for next five days. It has only one method where users can get a forecast given their location. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Zypr is an application with an API that is designed to work across a variety of platforms, including mobiles, web applications, and other electronic devices. Zypr's API collects numerous APIs, like Facebook, Twitter, weather APIs, and Amazon, categorizes them based on function, and turns those APIs into one API.
Zypr's API, like Apple's Siri, allows developers to write voice activated commands for integration into other applications. Some example API methods include adding appointments to calendars, posting on Facebook or Twitter, and checking weather.
 Met Office (formerly Meteorological Office) is the United Kingdom's national weather service. Met Office provides shipping, weather, flood, air quality, and seasonal forecasts and advisories, as well as the Weather Observations Website (WOW). WOW is an interactive service for viewing measurements such as temperature, wind speed/direction, snowfall, photos, and more. Registered users can upload data to WOW, providing detailed, site-specific observations, and an API is available for automatic and bulk uploads. The API can be used directly or through specific meteorology software.
 The Meteorological Assimilation Data Ingest System (MADIS) is a service of NOAA to collect, integrate, provide quality control for, and distribute meteorological data observations. MADIS includes data provided by NOAA, as well as other international, federal, state, and local agencies; universities; volunteers; and the private sector.
The MADIS API is used via Fortran utility programs.
 Brighter Planet fetches, corrects, and parses dozens of datasets daily to inform its emission calculation service. This data is presented for public use as a service to the community. Additional datasets are posted regularly. Brighter Planet delivers cloud-based web services providing on-demand carbon information for a fraction of a cent per query, meant for enhancing existing operational data with environmental intelligence that matters. The API uses RESTful or Taps protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON, CSV or SQL.
 Make point forecast queries based on coordinates or location name. Foreca Weather API delivers real-time calculated weather forecasts and closest observations to every coordinate point in the world. The interface is ideal for integrating weather information into mobile apps and weather media websites.
The standard API can be customised with the following add-on data sets: Weather Maps, Weather Warnings data, Weather History data, Ski Resort Information data, Weather Notifications and Climate Data.
 Place radar, satellite, temperature images over Google and Bing Maps. The WeatherBug GEO API returns the images in tiled format, for use in overlays with existing map tiles.
marine/surfing-weather didn't extract the description
 3TIER's API enables you to integrate our scientifically derived, global wind and solar resource data into your own internal applications and customer experiences. You can use the API to build revenue-generating applications and mash-ups including: » Web-based lead generation programs » Internal and customer-facing sales tools » Product selection tools » Project design and financial modeling tools
The API accesses 3TIER's global data using simple REST calls. It is an open, standards based, XML programming interface. To make integration simple and quick, 3TIER provides detailed developer documentation, programming examples, and sample code.
For more information, please visit: [[http://www.3tier.com/en/package_detail/prospecting-wind-api/ www.3tier.com]].
 Send us data, we send back the forecasts. Best suited for sales forecasts (inventory optimization) and call volume forecasts (staffing optimization). Lokad is based in Paris, France. Our philosophy is to deliver a state-of-the-art forecasting technology at a price one order of magnitude lower than that offered by traditional vendors.
