 PayPal offers online payment solutions and has more than 153 million customers worldwide. The PayPal API makes powerful functionality available to developers by exposing various features of the PayPal platform. Functionality includes but is not limited to invoice management, transaction processing and account management.
 The Stripe API allows developers to access the functionality of Stripe. Some example API methods include sending invoices, accepting payments, managing subscription billing, and editing and managing account information.
Stripe is a service that allows users to accept payments online, specifically developers. With the Stripe application, users can keep track of payments, search past payments, create recurring charges, and keep track of customers.
 Authorize.Net provides IP based payment gateway services. The Authorize.Net API enables developers to integrate digital payments into applications. It is optimized for mobile, provides PCI compliance, has iOS and Android SDKs, and stores customer payment information with digital wallet technology. It integrates with Visa Checkout, bank accounts and PayPal, and features methods for fraud management, transaction reporting and recurring billing.
 From their site: The first payments service designed from the ground up specifically for developers. The set of web services APIs allows the movement of money between any two entities, humans or computers. It is built on top of Amazon's reliable and scalable payment infrastructure. Amazon FPS offers developers unmatched flexibility in how they can structure payment instructions, including standing instructions that can remain in place for multiple transactions.
 Coinbase is an electronic service and "wallet" for bitcoins and digital currency. Users can transfer currency, pay merchants, and make other payments instantly.
The Coinbase API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Coinbase with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving account information and balances, sending money, requesting money, and managing user information.
 QuickBooks Payments API lets developers use eCommerce websites or online processing for customer sites, process credit card payments. It can also be used for QuickBooks Online to record transactions.
With a full suite of developer-centric resources including free software development toolkits, developer sandbox, and on-demand support, Intuit's QuickBooks Payment API is the definitive source for payment application developers.
 Payments Gateway is a service from ACH Direct, Inc., one of the largest and fastest growing privately held payment processing companies in the United States.
The API provides a platform for customizable integration options to meet the payment processing needs of a variety of merchants. Often the API is used to build white label integrations.
 Bittrex provides live data on the cryptocurrency market and acts as a currency exchange platform. The Bittrex API is a simple RESTful API for programmatically accessing a user's account and interacting with management functionality. The API supports virtually all functionality that is accessible via the Bittrex web interface, such as making trades, withdrawals, and deposits, and checking account balances and currency prices. The limit on HTTP requests is 500 open orders and 200,000 orders a day. A registered account and a custom API key are required for API usage.
bitcoin-charts-/-markets didn't extract the description
 Go Processing offers solutions to support online payment through mobile devices. Their API allows users to recharge mobile phones, DTH and data cards in India for more than 14 service providers. API calls include service data request, service transaction request, transaction status and support request. The API uses RESTful calls and responses can be formatted in XML, JSON and HTML.
 The Recurly API provides a recurring subscription billing system for online businesses. It is available in REST architecture with XML and JSON formats, public key, basic auth, and token as authentication methods secured in SSL, and HTTP status codes. With the API, developers can integrate recurring billing features including adjustments, invoices, plans, and subscriptions.
 Use the Moneybookers Automated Payments Interface API to send money, make pay-on-demand transactions, check transaction statuses, and download account histories. Users of the main site send money via Moneybookers by logging into their account and using the Send Money option. You can automate this same process using the API.
 The Cashplus REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cashplus with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving accounts and retrieving transactions. Cashplus is a banking solution provider in the UK.
 The SDK.finance API offers integration with several financial products that help build eCommerce and merchant platforms. Integrated services include payment systems, payment processing, E-wallets, virtual money, gift cards, prepaid cards, money exchange, and P2P money transfers. SDK.finance offers flexible price terms tailored to the client's needs. The API offers anti-fraud measures at no additional cost. SDK.finance is headquartered in Czech Republic.
 The Neto application programmer interface enables third party software to interact with the Neto E-commerce Suite. Requests can be made in XML or JSON and returns Categories, Warehouses, Customers and more. Neto is an all-in-one hosted ecommerce software solution based in Australia.
 The Blockchain Receive Payments API allows the user to process Bitcoin payments with a single Bitcoin address. This API uses http GET requests and requires a secret password for authorization. The service is free and does not require branding.
Blockchain is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data. Blockchain also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets.
 The Blockchain Wallet API allows Merchants to use a simple interface can to interact with electronic wallets. This API decrypt the wallet as needed and re-saves. This API uses HTTP GET and POST requests. The API allows single or multiple payments to be made individually, wallet balances, and address management functions. API Key is required for authentication
 Mobbr is a crowd-based payment platform. The Mobbr API is a payment app for collaboration and crowd-sourcing. Mobbr accepts POST and PUT requests, and returns responses, in JSON or XML. Authentication is made via HTTP Basic Auth. Use the Mobbr API to make peer-to-peer payments, find individuals for a task, seek out tasks for a user, or manage a crowd funding campaign. Mobbr can pay to usernames, emails, Twitter users or bitcoin addresses and more. See the project documentation for more information and to access a sandbox API.
 The Business Policies Management API gives sellers the ability to apply consistent business policies to all listings in a category rather than entering in policy information individually. When a seller's category is updated with the API, all listings in that group are updated as well. These programmable factors include shipping, payment, and return details. The RESTful Business Policies Management API accepts HTTP requests and can return in JSON or XML.
 CaptchaCoin is a captcha solving service that allows users to both use the service to have their own captchas solved, or users can solve captchas and receive payment for the service in bitcoins. The CaptchaCoin API allows users to submit captchas to be solved. The API uses REST calls, and an account is required with service, as well as an API key.
 Targeted towards retail and hospitality businesses, Kounta is scalable, cloud-based point of sale platform. The Kounta POS service can be securely accessed on any device at anytime across a range of channels including online, in-store and mobile.
Kounta offers a RESTful API for the easy integration of Kounta services with third-party applications. Example methods include customers, companies, orders, registers, payments, products, staff, and much more. Both JSON and XML data types are supported.
 PaymentSpring is online merchant account and payment gateway that allows companies and users to quickly send and accept payments. The site offers flat rates, no contracts, lower PCI compliance issues, and no credit card storage. The PaymentSpring API uses REST calls and uses and API key for authentication. The API allows users to make calls to manipulate customer data, plan data logging event data, charge data, and subscription data.
 mcxNOW is a digital currency exchange platform where users can buy and trade multiple currencies. The site handles Bitcoin, among other currencies, and offers low trading fees, a C++ trading engine, anonymous trading, and 3 tier network security. The mcxNOW API allows users to check the site order book for the last traded price, and the trading volume. The service uses REST calls and returns XML.
 Labs64 NetLicensing is a first-class solution in the Licensing as a Service (LaaS) sector.
Based on open standards, it provides a cost effective, integrated and scalable platform for software vendors and developers who want to concentrate on their product’s core functionality instead of spending resources on developing an own license management software.
 Paymentwall provides a solution for globally monetizing digital goods and services, assisting game publishers, dating sites, rewards sites, and many others in monetizing their digital content. The Paymentwall API allows customers to install customized Paymentwall widgets into their applications.
 ShipStation is a web-based shipping solution that streamlines the order fulfillment process for online retailers. ShipStation integrates with USPS, UPS, and FedEx for retrieving rates, creating shipping labels, and much more. The ShipStation API allows you to feed orders, customers, and products into ShipStation in addition to querying on a wide variety of data.
 PerfectMoney offers a secure money transfer service from p2p and from b2b. The PerfectMoney API allows users to interact with the PerfectMoney service programmatically using the REST protocol. The API allows users to check account history, balance, exchange rates, and e-voucher listings of the user's account. It also enables active uses such as spending calls and e-Voucher creation.
 The service processes payments denominated in bitcoins, debiting the balance of the customer making the payment and crediting the balance of the recipient. It allows e-commerce sellers and service providers to accept online bitcoin payments, with full tracking of all payments processed.
API methods support creating an order specifying the person or entity making the payment, the amount paid, and the recipient. The payment request generates a confirmation message from the service allowing verification of the data. When the requesting site responds to the confirmation request, methods process the payment and return data allowing the payment to be tracked by all parties. Methods also allow processing of refunds of previously processed payments.
 The service hosts e-commerce storefronts with complete product browse and search service and checkout/payment functions to complete purchases. Users can manage product records and display templates via a native admin interface or by integrating via the API.
API methods support import of XML files to populate product records as well as XML export of existing product information. Methods also support integration with StoneEdge and Endicia for fulfillment of completed purchases.
 CashEdge, a division of Fiserv, is a provider of payments and aggregation solutions to financial institutions. These include Popmoney person-to-person (P2P) payments, account transfers, account opening and funding, small business invoicing and payments, and financial account aggregation.
TransferNow is an online funds transfer solution that gives users the ability to securely transfer funds between accounts they own that are held at more than 23,000 banks, credit unions and brokerages via the ACH network. The TransferNow XML API allows developers to integrate the product modules with their financial institution's existing processes. Public documentation is not available.
 The LevelUp API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of LevelUp with other applications, such as point-of-sale systems and to create new applications. Some example API methods include accepting online payments, accepting mobile payments, and retrieving reporting information.
LevelUp is an online and mobile payment service. Users can set up their own QR code that allows them to pay various merchants via scanning the QR code. LevelUp also offers users savings when paying with the LevelUp application. Merchants can integrate the LevelUp system with their point-of-sale systems to accept LevelUp payments for goods and services.
 The service provides a secure payment platform for integration with applications needing checkout functions for credit card and ACH (automated clearing house) transactions. Existing shopping cart packages already integrate with the service, creating a range of solutions for applications.
API methods support submission of customer identity and payment information, either credit card number, expiration, etc., or bank account information for ACH transactions. Transaction submissions can also specify product specific information for the hotel, auto rental, and other industries.
 Block Explorer is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data. Block Explorer also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets.
The Block Explorer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data from Block Explorer with other applications. Some example API methods include accessing chart and block information, listing charts and blocks, and manage bitcoin transactions.
 The Venmo API is made up of two different public APIs. "The Payment Links API provides a simple method for sending invoices or suggested payments via any medium (Email, SMS, Facebook, Twitter). Payment links have 3 optional parameters and are constructed by adding these parameters to the base URL. The Receipts API allows every Venmo user to send receipt data for payments they receive to a third party webservice. By default, users get receipts via Email and SMS, but the Receipts API provides a simple method for automating followup actions to payments (like collecting a postal address for fulfillment or automating digital fulfillment via email)." Please note, from the company: "The Venmo Developer API is, and will be, available to all existing users and we will continue to support those partners, including Braintree merchants who use the Payouts API. We have, however, discontinued accepting new beta users of the API as we are focusing efforts to open up the beta to pay with Venmo. Focusing our efforts on allowing users to pay with Venmo within select merchant apps allows us to provide many of the capabilities previously powered by the API, now with optimal user and developer experiences alike. "
 The Dwolla API provides an interface to integrate the Dwolla payments platform into a software application. Dwolla provides white labeled bank transfer payment services that includes is a simple yet powerful API for ACH transfers.
The API provides developers with the functionality to transfer money to users, send mass payments, transfer money between users, facilitate bank verification and authorization, and retrieve transfer history. The RESTful API implements HATEOS and HAL, and responses are formatted in JSON.
 CyberSource helps you accept payments on your website. The service supports payments by credit card, electronic check and PayPal. There are several methods that can be used and developer kits in a number of languages.
 The LiqPAY API lets developers using their for managing payment and billing systems. Such as creating your custom payment system
or an API for client authorization and identification using mobile phone.
 The Payment Vision service has a payment plug-in that works with receivables software, shopping carts, billing websites, and many other payment applications. Payment Vision also has a suite of built in payment capture applications. PayAPI is a SOAP-based XML web service, designed for software publishers to add payment processing functionality to their software applications in compliance with PCI-DSS. PayAPI can process one-time and recurring credit card, debit card and ACH payments. PaymentVision is an online payment gateway that connects to the ACH (Automated Clearing House) and all major debit and credit card networks.
 Dapi is a unified open banking API that allows developers to retrieve data on users' financial information and make payments within applications. Methods are available to obtain financial data about user identity, accounts, account balance, account transactions, and account metadata. Also to perform financial operations such as payments, on a users' behalf. Developers must register and conduct application creation in the Dapi dashboard.
nowpayments didn't extract the description
 Billplz is a payment platform for merchants to pay and get paid quickly and affordably. V4 of the Billplz API includes methods to manage bill collections, payout flows, payout collections, payment gateways, and tokenization.
 The WeCashUp API ...
[Welcome to WeCashUp , the new way of accepting Mobile Money payments across Africa with one single integration. The WeCashUp API is based on the REST architecture and uses the conventional HTTP response codes to indicate responses returned by our API. Our architecture is highly secure, so to securely interact with the WECASHUP API, all our partners must also secure the way they use API resources. The API uses JSON data format for all responses. With WeCashUp API, you can do the following CRUD operations:
]
 The PayPay Open Payment API enables developers to make payment operations in partner applications. The API supports wallet payments, pre-authorization and capture payment flows, and checkout experiences. This API requires TLS 1.2 or higher as a security measure; TLS 1.0-1.1 is not supported. The API features API Key authentication.
 Through its developer portal, PayByFace enables third party application developers to integrate their customers biometric face templates with a tokenized card on file. Such customers will be able to pay for their in-store shopping at any PayByFace merchant by simply have their faces scanned by a camera enabled tablet installed at point of sale. The payment is then processed via an e-commerce payment gateway without the need for the endusers to touch anything. PayByFace provides a unified interface that exposes several functions of the PayByFace system capabilities for 3rd party developers to use in their own mobile apps.
 The SeerBit API enables developers to integrate secure payment flows with business oriented applications. This API is used to accept payments, define payment methods, and create order objects. The API features Token-based authentication. SeerBit is PCI-DSS Level 1 compliant.
 The Bambora Onboarding API retrieves custom interface tools to allow sub-merchants to sign up for an account.
Data in return includes card tokenization, payment profile, and transaction search. Developers can use Base64Encoded to authenticate.
 The UnivaPay API enables single charge and recurrent payments. The API offers access to metadata, transactions, refunds, credit card management, and account verification processes. This API implements Token-based authentication. UnivaPay supports direct debit transfers, convenience store and credit settlement, and prepaid cards. UnivaPay is a Japanese payment provider with credit card and cross-border support.
 Poool enables developers to integrate paywall services with their applications. Poool's dynamic paywall offers ways to offer users personalized compensation choices when accessing content. This platform features dashboard support for publishers, widgets for readers, and easy integration with CRM, data and analytics systems. Poool conforms to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The Poool API offers access to user data, surveys, and statistics.
 The Fidel API retrieves global payment data in real-time. With the API, developers can implement cards, offers, locations, and transactions into applications. They can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return.
 Complete payment validation solution, based on highly-reliable official data sources.
 Mobbex is a payments platform based in Argentina. The Mobbex API enables checkout capabilities, payment orders, QR code features, loyalty programs, and currency conversions. The API features API Key and Token based authentication, requires JSON formatted payloads, and returns JSON formatted responses. Mobbex is capable of sending payment orders using WhatsApp, social media, email, and receiving payments using their proprietary MultiPOS device.
 The Green Money eNotification API allows developers to retrieve and delete system event notifications. Developers can choose to retrieve all notifications or just unseen notifications.
Green Money is a payment service that allows vendors to debit their customers' bank accounts directly in order to avoid credit card fees.
 The Green Money eCheck API allows developers to enter drafts, billpays, and invoices into the Green Money system as well as get information about those entries once they're accepted.
Green Money is a payment service that allows vendors to debit their customers' bank accounts directly in order to avoid credit card fees.
 The Green Money Report API allows developers to retrieve, filter, and display data from Green Money's system in their own custom reports.
Green Money is a payment service that allows vendors to debit their customers' bank accounts directly in order to avoid credit card fees.
 RocketGate is an e-commerce gateway and payment processing platform. RocketGate features advanced reporting, multiple currency support, merchant support tools, recurring billing, automated charge-back processing, and risk management. RocketGate is a Tier 1 certified Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant service provider.
 VaroPago is an online payment platform for the LATAM market. VaroPago functions as middleman for bank accounts and their proprietary Varo card. This card is refillable and replaceable. Developers are able to access payment histories, security features, and associated accounts. VaroPago is accessible indirectly, via SDKs in different languages.
 The BDApps Pro CaaS API allows developers to monetize their apps with micropayments. It includes methods for retrieving the account balance of a given subscriber, charging specific amounts from a subscriber's account, and more.
BDApps is an application development platform that provides Robi network tools for monetization and messaging. BDApps is based in Bangladesh.
 The GivingTech Webhooks API
 The Payone API can process payments including Amazon Pay, Alipay, PayPal, Klarna, and RatePay.
JSON formats are available to make callbacks. Developers can refer to the changelog for current version.
 The Xendit API integrates payments, invoicing, and disbursement features in applications targeted for South East Asia markets.
Postman collection is available. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will retrieve JSON format in return.
 XcooBee is a privacy and contactless payment platform with cyber-security features and data protection features. XcooBee offers frictionless cookie management, email guard, marketing consent management, and secure file transfer. The XcooBee GraphQL API enables developers to request queries and mutations. The API implements API Key authentication.
 Bleumi enables developers to integrate digital currency payment capabilities with their applications. Bleumi provides one integration with support for any digital currency on the following blockchain networks: Algorand, Ethereum, rsk, xDAI, and Libra. The Bleumi API allows users to pay using credit and debit cards, and digital currencies including Tether USD, USD Coin, Stasis EURO, and CryptoFranc. The API features REST architecture and API Key authentication.
 The BitLaunch API provides access to; details about a transaction, data revolving around a server, the ability to list all SSH keys for an account and more. This API requires that you generate an access Token to authenticate services for; Account, SSH Keys, Creation Options, Transactions and Servers. BitLaunch.io provides anonymous VPS services and accepts cryptocurrency as payment, from hosts that includes; DigitalOcean, Vultr and Linode.
 The GivingTech Direct Payment API
rapyd-point-of-sale-webhooks didn't extract the description
 The Rapyd Wallet API provides services to; create a Rapyd Wallet, change or modify a Rapyd Wallet, retrieve the details of a Rapyd Wallet and more. Rapyd Payments provides a way to manage transactions in the Rapyd Payments service. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 The Postpay API allows access to checkout data, order information, refunds, and settlements. The API can be accessed via GraphQL querying. Postpay enables installment payment options in applications. Postpay allows retailers to increase sales from existing and new customers, increase average order value, and drive repeat purchases. There is no fees or interest rate associated with purchases.
 The QuadPay API integrates payments into applications, allowing to split any store purchase into 4 amounts.
Developers can authenticate with token and make calls that will retrieve JSON format in return. Learn more about QuadPay in this link: 
 The OpenPayd Webhooks API are HTTP callbacks that receive notification messages for OpenPayd events. This includes the following types; Currency, Account Created, Currency Account Status Update, Client Created and more. The OpenPayd API allows you to develop custom solutions that manage your organization’s payments. It is an integration with the functionality for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout. OpenPayd provides a way to scale payment flows, simplify treasury, process payments in real-time and reduce costs, with solutions that are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts, payments, FX and card processing solutions.
 The TrueAccord API allows collecting debts of credit card issuers, consumer loans, and real estate users. Authenticate to the TrueAccord API by providing the API key as username using HTTP Basic Authentication.
TrueAccord integrates balances, customers, soft-recalls, reports, demographics, payments, and debts.
 Sonect enables a "virtual ATM" in third parties. Sonect makes it easy to send money to friends or partner shops using a PCI DSS compliant payment processor. A fee per cash withdrawal. The Sonect platform is supervised by Switzerland's Financial Services Standards Association (VQF), and in the EU, Sonect has an E-Money Institution License (EMI) from the Bank of Lithuania.
 The Rapyd Webhooks API provides a way to receive a callback that is triggered by an event in the Rapyd Payments platform. This Rapyd API is a notifications service that allows you to access relevant information about an event such as; fraud detection and prevention, finalizing a transaction, an audit trail and more. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 The Rapyd Payments API provides a way to manage transactions to; Collect payments, Disburse funds, Manage Rapyd Wallets and others. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 The Wallex API allows integrating payments, conversions, and collections. Wallex covers Singapore, Indonesia, China, and Hong Kong markets.
Developers can use an API Key and a secret access key to authenticate and make calls in JSON format.
 The Checkbook.io API sends and receives funds without checks. Checkbook.io provides an API Key and an API Secret with demo, sandbox, and production environments to authenticate and make calls to the API.
Postman collection available.
Checkbook.io aims to eliminate paper checks.
 PostFinance's E-Payment API enables developers to programmatically access financial related resources in their applications. The API returns hosted checkout data, payment information, refund processing information, and products. The API features REST architecture and Token-based authentication. PostFinance is a fintech company based in Switzerland.
 The Syncro API retrieves managed service provider (MSP) services including payments, invoicing, credit card payments, help desk, and email marketing. Developers can authenticate the REST API using a Key.
Syncro offers a guide to use Swagger files and alternatives to integrate with Microsoft Teams, WooCommerce, and credit card processing systems.
 Peach’s is a go-to resource for Squarespace stores to sell products and run successful launches with referral and affiliate marketing software and is based in Bondi Beach, Australia.
 The SpectroCoin Bitcoin API provides exchange, wallet, debit card, and payment processor data in JSON format.
SpectroCoin, part of Bankera, invites developers to create applications to buy, send, and sell Bitcoin and other currencies including Ethereum, Nem, and Dash.
 The OpenPayd API lets you develop custom solutions to manage your organization’s payments. It offers an integration with the functionality needed for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout. OpenPayd provides a way to expand into international markets by connecting to the OpenPayd banking and payments infrastructure to scale payment flows, simplify treasury, process payments in real-time and reduce costs. OpenPayd solutions are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts, payments, FX and card processing solutions.
 The Finastra Payment Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates a new CT payment. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 Perform actions on Payment Requests:Pay Now– Accept the request and pay now, Pay Later – Accept the request and pay later, Reject – Reject the request
 The Finastra Payment Request Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates, rejects, and accepts a payment request. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Gig Wage API brings the full power of Gig Wage's 1099 independent contractor payroll, payments and banking platform to any developer. Integrate robust payroll, payments and banking infrastructure into your own applications and platforms.
 The PAY.JP API combines several payment methods in one platform including Apple Pay, their proprietary PayID, and card-based methods such as VISA, AMEX, and Discover. The API provides methods that improve eCommerce capabilities including customer data, transfers, events, products, and accounts. The PAY.JP API implements API Key based authentication.
 Circle enables businesses to harness the power of stablecoins. Stablecoins offer the flexibility and security of cryptocurrencies, and the low volatility of government issued currencies. Circle is powered by USD Coin (USDC). The Circle API integrates global banking connectivity, and wallet infrastructure with external fintech applications.
 heidelpay combines 200 payment methods in one platform. heidelpay supports FlexiPay, standard payment methods (Vista, MasterCard, AMEX), and online payment methods. Developers can integrate their applications with heidelpay and 30 shop systems such as Magento, PrestaShop, and WooCommerce. The heidelpay API is accessible via SDK.
 The Directa24 API retrieves local payment features for emerging international markets. A wide range of options to pay online in local currency includes cash payments, credit cards, online banking, and market-specific popular solutions.
Developers can implement deposits, cash outs, and easy cashouts and integrate with sample codes available in cURL, PHP, Java, and C#.
 Splitit provides credit card based installment plans on purchases. Splitit transactions are approved based on the customer's credit line, when the card is accepted. The Splitit API enables developers to initiate, create, approve, and cancel installment plans in their applications. Requests and responses are JSON formatted.
 The Cardknox API integrates payments into online, mobile, and in-store applications. It uses the same URL for sandbox and live accounts and it requires xKey to authenticate. The API supports Credit Card, Check (ACH), EBT, Gift Card and Fraud Protection transactions. Cardknox is a developer-friendly payment system.
 Safe2Pay is a payment platform that enables direct bank payments, credit card payments, debit card payments, and cryptocurrency support. The Safe2Pay API allows developers to access available payment options, cancel payments, and access marketplace accounts. Responses are JSON formatted.
 The Partner Money Transfer services enable you with the ability to leverage the Western Union in-person and account payout network to offer new or expanded existing remittance services. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This API is used as a Money Transfer Send Money Validation service for Western Union. The Partner Money Transfer services enable you with the ability to leverage the Western Union in-person and account payout network to offer new or expanded existing remittance services. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This API is used as a Money Transfer Cash To Account Store service for Western Union. The Partner Money Transfer services enable you with the ability to leverage the Western Union in-person and account payout network to offer new or expanded existing remittance services. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This API is used as a Money Transfer Cash To Cash Store service for Western Union. The Partner Money Transfer services enable you with the ability to leverage the Western Union in-person and account payout network to offer new or expanded existing remittance services. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This Western Union API is a REST based service with a JSON structured payload for the Mass Payments product that enables you with the ability to process up to 10,000 payments in a single file upload. It allows you to initiate payments between a Partner and WUBS, submit payments created by a Partner to Western Union Business Solutions, get a requested batch's representation and more. Partners will be issued a PKCS 12 client certificate for authentication purposes. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
western-union-partner-in-person-disbursement didn't extract the description
finn-–-banking-of-things didn't extract the description
 This SIBS Payment Initiation API enables you with the ability to initiate a payment, on your client’s request, using one of the Multibanco payment instruments made available by
the Bank of the Payment Service User through its interfaces. The API provides an interface to access Multibanco Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 Apipay payment solution with all features you need to monetize your API services. Created for recurring payment plans. Built on global blockchain network Ethereum
 SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 The ECommPay Gate API enables merchants to perform all types of payments and operations and retrieve additional information including customer data, refunds, and providers. The API features REST architecture, and JSON responses. ECommPay offers risk management, TLS 1.2 support, multifactor authentication, and DDoS protection.
 The Bold Cashier API retrieves commerce data including orders, payments, and checkouts. Developers can include discounts, price, customer information, shipping, and billing in eCommerce applications. Bold Commerce is an eCommerce expertise and Shopify Plus solutions partner.
 The Bold Store Locator API reveals a merchant's store domain address and postal address in geocoordinates, street address, and distance from user. To enable a custom Store Locator API, developers can install the Store Locator app and request access to the Bold's Merchant Success team. Bold Commerce is an eCommerce expertise and Shopify Plus solutions partner.
 The Bold Subscriptions API enables users to interact with a merchant's customer portal data to view, modify, and cancel existing subscriptions. To access the page, users must already be authenticated via the Shopify store. Bold Commerce is an eCommerce expertise and Shopify Plus solutions partner.
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment from a client's request, using one of the payment instruments made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User. This API provides an interface to access PSD2 Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. It allows you to request the creation of a payment initiation, update user data, Get payment requests and more. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment using one of the payment products made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User. It allows you to access a payment initiation request, update PSU data, request properties of a payment initiation and more. This API provides an interface to access Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 The AuthVia API retrieves text payment features, aiming to complete purchases over a mobile phone. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return. AuthVia is a service to make payments via a simple text message.
 The BigCommerce Payments API allows application developers to access Payments endpoints that integrate services to process payments. The Payments API enables you to process payments through the store’s connected payment gateway. BigCommerce is a platform for businesses to access online ecommerce services used to power online stores.
 The Crowdz API retrieves business payments data, aiming to eliminate invoice use. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return. Crowdz is a business payment and invoicing platform. This service is built on an Ethereum blockchain-based platform.
 The FedaPay API retrieves mobile payment data including checkout, transactions, refunds, payment requests, payouts, currencies, and payment methods. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return. FedaPay is a payments service headquartered in Republic of Benin, West Africa.
 The Checkout.com Webhooks API adds event-based notifications. This API includes filterable logs, retry mechanisms, and views. Checkout.com is a platform used to process and manage payments. Checkout.com supports over 150 currencies.
 BeGateway is a white label payment gateway with automated administration, and fast merchant onboarding. The BeGateway API can be utilized to access payments, credits, refunds, chargebacks, and card Tokenization. BeGateway is PCI DSS level 1 compliant.
 The UniversalPay API enables payment management and transaction support in approved third-party applications. The API features REST architecture, and returns JSON formatted responses. UniversalPay supports retail payments, eCommerce integrations, and mobile payments. UniversalPay is a Spanish provider of specialized payment solutions.
 The Modern Treasury API enables ACH, wire, check, and RTP transactions in applications. Requests and responses are JSON formatted. The API can be used to manage payment orders, line items, counterparties, bank accounts, routing details, and addresses. Modern Treasury does not touch money directly; the API hooks into their clients' bank accounts, enabling them to move money and read activity.
To learn more about Modern Treasury, visit https://moderntreasury.com.
 This Western Union Money Transfer service allows you to connect to the Western Union in-person and account payout network for remittance services. It provides a way to return service options and corresponding fee estimates, validate a Money Transfer transaction, create a Money Transfer transaction and more. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This Western Union Partner Payments API allows users to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. It provides a way to create an ‘order’ within Western Union, and to be notified once the order has been completed. The Partnership APIs are REST services to create a Western Union order and make it available for fulfillment, return the current status of a previously created order and more. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The ONE INC API retrieves payment data for insurance solutions, with features for premium services, security and compliance, digital engagement, reporting, and ClaimsPay®. Methods are available for credit card data, transactions, and ETF. Developers can use a token to authenticate the API and make calls that support JSON and XML formats in return. ONE INC provides payment services for insurance companies.
 The Fidel API retrieves global payment data in real-time. With the API, developers can implement cards, offers, locations, and transactions into applications. They can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return.
 The Coinpush API enables users to accept cryptocurrency payments. Coinpush provides a free API that's easy to get started with. It enables the integration of: Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin payments into your businesses or web applications.
 The ParaSwap API allows applications and traders to access liquidity, price feeds, instant swaps, and payments. The API operates as a decentralized exchange hub, obtaining the nest price to building a transaction payload.
 BPAY offers Australians fast, secure and trusted bill payments. We make it easy to pay bills of over 45,000 businesses anytime directly through the internet, mobile or phone banking of over 150 Financial Institutions in Australia.
Generate BPAY CRN is a set of APIs that can generate Customer Reference Numbers (including iCRNs) for a specific Biller Code that would meet the requirements of the Biller's selected check digit rules and validation routine(s) in BPAY’s Biller File. A QR Code may also be provided in the response for Billers or their Service Providers to include on their Bills or payment instruction notices.
The CRN is a unique number allocated to a customer’s invoice that identifies both the customer and the account to be paid.
Terms and Conditions apply. We may request further information in connection with your application. You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs.
 BPAY offers Australians fast, secure and trusted bill payments. We make it easy to pay bills of over 45,000 businesses anytime directly through the internet, mobile or phone banking of over 150 Financial Institutions in Australia.
This API service validates a set of one or more BPAY payment data records to ensure the payment is valid and that the payment will be accepted when it is submitted to the bank for processing.
Terms and Conditions apply. We may request further information in connection with your application. You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs.
 BPAY offers Australians fast, secure and trusted bill payments. We make it easy to pay bills of over 45,000 businesses anytime directly through the internet, mobile or phone banking of over 150 Financial Institutions in Australia.
This API service validates a set of supplied payments and creates a BPAY Batch File in the CBA, NAB, WBC, Macquarie Bank and Bankwest file formats. The file can then be submitted to that bank for processing BPAY payments.
Terms and Conditions apply. We may request further information in connection with your application. You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs.
 BPAY offers Australians fast, secure and trusted bill payments. We make it easy to pay bills of over 45,000 businesses anytime directly through the internet, mobile or phone banking of over 150 Financial Institutions in Australia.
This API service provides you and your customers the ability to validate biller codes included in BPAY Payments before the payments are submitted to the bank for processing. This API service retrieves BPAY Billers Short Name, BPAY Biller Long Name, Industry (ANZSIC) Code, Variable Customer Reference Number Indicator, Valid Length(s) of Customer Reference Number and Accepted Payment Methods for a supplied Biller Code.
Terms and Conditions apply. We may request further information in connection with your application. You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs.
 Remita enables developers to integrate payment capabilities with applications. This platform can be utilized to pay invoices, receive payments, implement payroll for businesses, buy airtime/data, and more. Remita requires API Keys for authentication. Remita is a payment platform for applications and websites.
 The Instamojo Marketplace API allows applications to facilitate merchant payments. It provides a way to debit your commission from a merchant, collect commissions, receive a certain commission, automatically transfer funds and more. The API gives aggregators the ability to access a certain commission for each product sold on the platform, with the commission split automatically within the marketplace service. The Marketplace API is available to select customers and developers should contact the provider for more information. Instamojo is a payment gateway solution for 1,000,000 plus MSMEs to start, manage and grow digitally.
 The Instamojo Webhooks API allows you to receive notifications when an Instamojo event occurs. The Webhook URL accepts a POST request from Instamojo that will inform the merchant about successful or failed transactions using a server side call. Instamojo will POST the transaction details to the Webhook URL that is specified. Instamojo is a payment gateway solution for 1,000,000 plus MSMEs to start, manage and grow digitally.
 The SmartPayables API integrates back-office systems with bank accounts, documents, payments, and accounts data. Developers can use HTTP POSTS requests to receive JSON and XML responses in return. SmartPayables provides outsource payment processing, check writing, document printing & mailing services.
 The Instamojo payments API provides a way to integrate payments services on any website with any stack. It allows you to utilize request URLs to accept payments that includes; Create a Request, List of Requests, Get Payment Request Details, Get Payment Details and more. Instamojo is a payment gateway solution for 1,000,000 plus MSMEs to start, manage and grow digitally.
solutions-by-text didn't extract the description
 The Paychex API returns payroll data for human resources managers. Information to display includes companies, locations, jobs, workers, assignments, and pay periods. Paychex provides payroll services.
 The ICEPAY SOAP API can process payments, transactions, and checkouts using XML format. The checkout web service targets online games, auction websites, and eCommerce stores.
 The EtherAPI interacts with the Ethereum blockchain-network including ETH and ERC-20 tokens. With the API, developers can accept payments, track fixed payments, send funds to any addresses, receive instant payment notification, and manage transactions via cabinet.
 The Braintree Visa Checkout API is a digital wallet from Visa that allows customers to use a single sign-in to make purchases on the web, iOS and Android. Braintree SDKs enable you to accept Visa Checkout with other accepted payment methods. This API is indirect access to this service and is in a limited release to eligible merchants. Braintree provides services for the collection of credit card and PayPal payments programmatically.
square-point-of-sale didn't extract the description
 The Braintree Grant API allows Braintree merchants to provide other Braintree merchants with controlled access to a customer's payment methods. This includes; credit cards, debit cards, and PayPal Channel Initiated Billing Agreements. Braintree provides services for the collection of credit card and PayPal payments programmatically. This API is indirect access to this service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. The Braintree Grant API is currently in a limited release, developers will need to contact Braintree to request access.
 The Grant Webhooks API enables the grantor with the ability to manage the notifications they receive by configuring Webhooks with Braintree. This API is indirect access to this service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. This Braintree Grant API is currently in a limited release, developers will need to contact Braintree to request access. The Grant API allows Braintree merchants to provide other Braintree merchants with controlled access to a customer's payment methods. Braintree provides services for the collection of credit card and PayPal payments programmatically.
 The Revenue Monster Open API enables developers to manage payments, stores, loyalty, and users. The API features REST architecture, Token-based authentication, and JSON-formatted responses. Revenue Monster is a payment gateway that combines mobile payments, loyalty programs, and social media in one platform.
 The Stronghold Libra API supports HTTP and JSON formats to connect to the Blockchain test net. Users may create wallets and make Libra coin payments. Enterprise customers can deploy custom 'Move' language modules to develop Libra smart contracts before the protocol’s proposed 2020 release. No blockchain-specific skills are necessary to use Stronghold Libra.
 This Fire Webhooks API allows you to be notified of events in real time for fire.com accounts. This includes notifications for payments, withdrawals and more. Fire Financial Services is business and personal digital accounts that are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
 The fire.com TPP service provides an Open Banking dedicated API for Trans-Pacific Partnerships (TPP) to access Fire.com personal and business accounts. Fire Financial Services is business and personal digital accounts that are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
 The Square Checkout API is a prebuilt solution for taking payments with a secure payment form hosted by Square. Square Checkout API supports online payments with next business day deposits, PCI-compliant payments, and SSL support. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers.
 This Square API provides a way to use OAuth to securely manage permissions and access to Square merchant accounts. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 Checkout.com is a platform used to process and manage payments. This platform supports more than 25 payment methods, and over 150 currencies. The Checkout.com API is a REST interface that functions as a payment gateway. The API uses JSON for requests and responses. The Checkout.com API supports AutoCapture, 3-D Secure payments, smart routing to acquirers, and more.
 The Square Mobile Authorization API enables authorization tokens to initialize Square mobile. The Mobile Authorization API accepts an account credential such as OAuth token or Personal Access Token and location ID. It returns an authorization code that custom mobile applications initialize Square mobile solutions. This is indirect access to this service. Please refer to the corresponding Square Reader SDK below. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Labor API provides a way to integrate Square Point of Sale timekeeping with applications for labor cost reporting, payroll, and overtime management. It allows you to integrate a time-clock application with a Square account. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Transactions API provides a way to authorize and capture online payments, link payments with orders for itemized transactions, and link transactions to customer profiles for recurring payments. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
square-in-app-payments-mobile didn't extract the description
 The Square Orders API provides a way to capture itemized details about purchases and link those details to payment information, including taxation. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The PayPal Vault API allows you to securely store customer credit cards in the PayPal vault rather than on a server. It provides a way to store a customer credit card, and then returns the ID of the vaulted card. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 This PayPal Invoicing API provides access to create, send, and manage invoices. It allows you to; accept credit and debit cards, PayPal, and PayPal Credit, create and send invoices, payment reminders and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Square Catalog API provides management capabilities for catalogs. It includes bulk endpoints help reduce the number of API calls required for catalog management, and pagination of large result sets to reduce server load, and more. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Locations API provides location data for Square accounts including location IDs, addresses, and business name. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Employees API provides a way to get information on all the employees for a single merchant account. Use it to retrieve employee IDs, a paged list of active employees, and more. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Webhooks API provides real-time notifications with Connect API events or Point of Sale payments. The Square Webhook integration includes services for events, subscriptions and notifications. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Inventory API allows you to manage inventory counts and integrate with 3rd party tracking software, to accept inventory adjustments and physical counts for quantities of item variations and transitions, and those quantities to the relevant inventory state. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Inventory Webhooks API allows you to build real-time notifications for all relevant inventory items and events. It sends a notification when the quantity is updated for a catalog item variation. The Inventory API provides a way to manage inventory counts and integrate with 3rd party tracking software, to accept inventory adjustments and physical counts for quantities of item variations and transitions. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 Ordermentum is a service for wholesale suppliers that facilitates ordering, payment management, and business performance knowledge through insights. The Ordermentum API provides indirect access to Javascript and Swift SDKs for application creation. Ordermentum is focused on the food and beverage industry, enabling order automation, scheduling, and custom pricing.
 The PineLabs Payment Gateway provides access to payment services that includes multi-acquiring, Brand EMI, Scheme validation and others. It allows you to integrate with PineLabs Payment Gateway to receive payments from customers via card, net banking, wallets, UPI and more. PineLabs is a merchant platform company that provides financing and last-mile retail transaction technology to merchants in 3700 cities and towns across India and Malaysia.
 The Al Baraka API allows you to utilize services for accounts, payments, investment products, credit cards, and others. The API requires authorization using the OAuth2 protocol via Token. This includes access to Accounts, Money Transfers, Loans, Financing and more. Al Baraka operates funds in trade and industrial finance that serves individual finance, corporate finance, leasing, and project-based profit-loss partnerships.
Al Baraka Islamic Bank provides regional banking, financial products, and services in the Persian Gulf, Middle East, and North Africa, and shares the interest-free profit with customers.
 The PAYCOMET API can access payment processing data to implement into mobile and web applications. With PAYCOMET, available in Spanish for markets in Europe, developers can integrate bank information, payment modules, and follow up purchases.
 This Visa Webhooks API provides a way for consumers to subscribe to Visa Next events. Visa Next supports banks and digital wallets and this API enables apps to configure, provision, and issue a payment credential for any type of account and push it directly to any connected device, plus more.
 Tatum Middleware is a client to the Tatum Blockchain API Core. It provides a way to send Ethereum and Bitcoin payments, and access settings endpoints, customer endpoints, account endpoints and others. It allows you to create a new account for the customer, get an account by ID, get a balance for an account and more. Authentication to access these services requires an API Key. Tatum supports technology that enables developers with the ability to utilize blockchain services.
 The Acquired API provides merchants with security capabilities and the ability to integrate directly into the Acquired platform. You will need a merchant company ID and password to authenticate to the Acquired API. Acquired.com provides payment technologies to support businesses in the payment lifecycle.
 This eBay Sell API is used to retrieve seller payouts and monetary transaction details related to eBay payouts. It is used by sellers in eBay's Managed Payments program to retrieve seller payout information. A payout is distributed to the seller's bank account shortly after the buyer's payment for an order clears. The data is similar to the data available under the Payments tab of the Seller Hub in "My eBay". eBay manages the payments process, for the available payment methods, and for distributed payouts directly to the seller's preferred bank account, the ability to retrieve details on a specific payout and more. eBay is an online marketplace.
 This Visa Next Platform API enables developers to create, manage, and build new services with Visa cards. The Visa Next platform allows you to create and manage virtual and physical cards, manage card controls and exposes Instances and Collections interfaces that are; instantiations of a single object or entity, and multiple instances of an entity that can be returned by a REST call. Sample code is available for cURL, Ruby, Python, NodeJS and Java. This API requires that you contact VISA for more information regarding access, as it is in beta and participation is available by invitation only. Visa Next supports banks and digital wallets with the ability to; configure, provision, and issue a payment credential for any type of account and push it directly to any connected device, access the Visa platform to utilize Visa's current and future real-time API services when combined with instant-issuance capabilities, provides digital-ready processing from a network of participating global partners and more.
 This PayPal Identity API provides allows users to sign into a website using PayPal login credentials. This service enables PayPal credential login, or linking a PayPal account to your website or app to share basic information. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
fabrick-banca-sella-split-payments-for-marketplaces didn't extract the description
 This PayPal Webhooks API provides access to PayPal event notifications. Webhooks are HTTP callbacks that receive notification messages for events that listen at a specific URL for incoming HTTP POST notification messages that are triggered when an event happens. PayPal then signs each notification message that it delivers to your webhook listener. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Monetha API returns JSON data associated with profiles, events, deals, and users. Monetha is a transparent and censorship resistant reputation platform which securely stores relevant information about a potential buyer before initiating a transaction. Monetha can be used on any website or service, is cross-platform, and offers public and verifiable interactions.
 The Monetha Webhooks API creates in-app notifications for integrated payment gateways. This API supports JSON for requests and responses. Monetha is a transparent and censorship resistant reputation platform which securely stores relevant information about a potential buyer before initiating a transaction. Monetha can be used on any website or service, is cross-platform, and offers public and verifiable interactions.
 PayPal Checkout with Smart Payment Buttons provides secure checkout experience that automatically offers relevant payment types to shoppers to complete purchases using Pay with Venmo, PayPal Credit, Credit Card payments, and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 This PayPal Payouts API provides access to integrate payment functionalities to send payouts programmatically from within your application. It allows you to; send commissions, rebates, rewards, and general disbursements, send money to multiple people at the same time, show details for a payout item and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 This PayPal Catalog Products API provides access to create products, ie; for Merchants goods and services. It allows you to create products, list products, update a product and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Intuit QuickBooks Online Payroll GraphQL allows third-party time tracking and benefits providers to connect directly to QuickBooks Online. It provides a way to provision deductions, benefits, pensions, sync employee contributions and sync time by Payroll items and more. It includes features for Benefits Tracking, Time Tracking and others. Intuit delivers services like TurboTax, QuickBooks, and Mint that supports platform APIs to build applications for small business accounting ecosystems.
 This PayPal Receipts API provides access to integrate payment functionalities within your applications. This service enables you with the ability to obtain the EMV compliant information to include on your receipts provided to the customer. This includes examples that are available for cURL, PHP and Java. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 This PayPal Subscriptions API provides access to create subscriptions that process recurring PayPal payments for physical or digital goods, or services. It allows you to create a plan, list plans update a subscription, and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Bitfly API provides cryptocurrency Ethereum mining pool data. Developers can make 100 requests every 15 minutes. Endpoints are CORS.
 This Fabrick Payments PagoPA API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search payments on the PagoPA circuit. This includes the ability to; create a PagoPA payment order, retrieve a list of PagoPA orders, retrieve the details of a specific PagoPA order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments Postal Forms API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search payments of postal forms. This includes the ability to create a postal form payment order, retrieve a list of postal form orders, retrieve the details of a specific postal form order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments Money Transfers API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search money transfers. This includes the ability to create a SCT payment order, retrieve the details of a specific SCT order, Search SCT orders on a specific account and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments F24 API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search F24 payments. This includes the ability to create a new F24-Simple order, retrieve an existing F24-Simple order, delete a booked F24-Simple order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments CBILL API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search payments on the CBILL circuit. This includes the ability to create a CBILL payment order, retrieve a list of all CBILL orders on a specific account, cancel a previously booked CBILL order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Credit Debit Card Management API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to manage credit and debit payment cards. This includes the ability to retrieve all the cards, retrieve the details of a specific card, retrieve the balance of a credit card and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Cash Account Utils API is a Banca Sella service that provides utility endpoints for cash account management. This includes the ability to check if the execution date/time is valid for a new SCT Order, retrieve a list of valid execution dates of a new SCT Order and more. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments Postal SCT-Inst API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute and search SCT-Inst money transfers. This includes the ability to create a SCT-Inst payment order, retrieve the details of a specific SCT-Inst order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payments API is a Axerve service that provides the APIs for eCommerce payments management to Creates a new payment, Retrieves an existing payment, Charge an authorized payment and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Payments SDD SEPA Direct Debit JSON API is a Fabrick service to manage the collection of SDD payments in JSON format. This includes the ability to; create a new mandate, create a new payment order based on an existing mandate, retrieve an existing payment and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Factoring Payments Collection API is a Fabrick service to enable the automatic payment collection and reconciliation for factors. This includes the ability to; retrieve a list of creditors, create a new expected transaction, search for existing payment transactions and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 The Payments SDD SEPA Direct Debit XML API is a Fabrick service to manage the collection of SDD payments in legacy XML format. Methods are available for Searches for existing payments, retrieve an existing payment and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payment Page API is a Axerve service that enables users to retrieve the available payment provider list for a specified payment, retrieve the details of a specific payment provider and more. The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API.
 The Finastra Payment Search API retrieves a list of payment requests that were received. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 This PayPal Payments API provides access to payment services for PayPal. It allows you to authorize payments, capture authorized payments, refund payments that have already been captured, and show payment information. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The PayPal Orders API provides a way to access PayPal services for orders to; create, update, authorize, save and more. The PayPal API enables you with the ability to access various features of the PayPal platform. This includes; invoice management, transaction processing, account management and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Finastra Real Time Payment Initiation API creates credit transfer payments in real time. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
bank-of-ireland-payment-initiation-service-provider didn't extract the description
 The Finastra Payment Request API retrieves a status report of a previously submitted payment request. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Payment Request Pay Now Pay Later Reject API retrieves JSON data to reject a payment, pay now, pay later, and obtain the full status of a payment. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Transaction Enquiries API retrieves the user audit history on the particular transaction. Authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that display JSON format in return. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Allied Irish Bank Payments API enables users to initiate payments from a customer's account with methods for payment resource, payment instruction for processing, and more. It supports 0Auth 2.0 to grant access to third party service providers to initiate payments. This API uses the Open Banking Gateway to access banking data and to ensure that the banks and building societies deliver a common specification of financial APIs.
 The Finastra FX Rates API converts the given amount for the pair of currencies. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that receive JSON response in return. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Receivables Check Inquiry API retrieves images associated with a check. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that return JSON formats. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Sweep Trigger is available on demand, by simulation, by transfer, and by adjustment to initiate payments. Authentication is required with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Payment Request Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates, rejects, and accepts a payment request. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra International Payment Initiation API initiates a new international payment. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Rabobank Payment Initiation API allows transactions to be initiated for the PSD2 Payment Initiation Service. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Rabobank Payment Request API provides the ability for Third Parties to create and manage payment requests for domestic Rabobank accounts. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Finastra Sweep Inquiry Agreements API gets sweep hybrid agreement details. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls in JSON format. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Sweep Inquiry Execution API gets all sweep execution results for a given client. JSON formats are available to make calls to the API. Authentication required with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Static Data API fetches a list of all countries available to process payments. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Corporate Profile API returns JSON data with the details of a corporate bank. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Openbucks API provides a way to retrieve payment data and process payments for Openbucks, an online payment service. Use it to enable transactions, retrieve a list of gift cards, get transaction details. It supports data formats for XML or JSON that uses an HTTP POST request. The Openbucks payment service enables you to redirect the user to the Openbucks hosted checkout flow, to collect the payment information from the user and redeem the funds. Openbucks is a safe and convenient alternative to credit cards for online payments.
 The Afterpay API returns payment configuration data in JSON format. With the API, developers can implement amounts, orders, payment ranges, and models. Developers can authenticate with an API Key. Afterpay is a service for buying retail goods on credit in four equal, interest-free installments.
 The Finastra Capture Check API adds a check and image data to a deposit. It also adds multiple checks details with summary deposit information and with image data. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Liquidity Client Information API gets liquidity product features assigned to a client by Client ID and product type as Sweep or Notional Pooling. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Collateral API returns data to secure loans, calculate creditworthiness, and predict the risk associated with a loan. The calls return current values and types of collateral a lender has in their system. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Corporate Payment Initiation API initiates a payment request between corporate accounts. Users can transfer funds inside and outside the financial institution. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The MySchoolBucks API is used for payment processing via the MySchoolBucks.com cart checkout. The MSB Pay API is an ecommerce tool that enables credit card and checking account payment processing online. It allows connections to MySchoolBucks using a RESTful web service that requires a valid developer ID and authentication key to access. The API provides tools to integrate with parent billing accounts registered with MySchoolBucks to send shopping cart contents to a checkout. MySchoolBucks provides school payments services to pay for meals and other items, anytime, anywhere from your computer or smartphone.
 The Finastra Accounts and Balances API retrieves a summary of accounts, balances, details, and statements for the authenticated user. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Person to Person Payments API retrieves extended details for a Person-to-Person Payment (Fusion DPXPay). Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Retail Banking Payments API transfers funds between accounts. Developers can authenticate with OAuth to make calls that display JSON format in return. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Remote Deposit Capture API returns JSON data with eligible check deposit accounts for a consumer.
finastra-payment-request-for-a-customer didn't extract the description
 The TransferMate Payments API is a REST service that accepts standard HTTP commands and returns JSON responses for banking and payment transactions. The API includes predefined domain-specific endpoints for banks, beneficiaries etc. This API requires you to verify your identity via OAuth and Token authentication. Methods are available to Lock in a real-time exchange rate, Make a payment to a TransferMate account in your country, Obtain and book a payment with a currency rate, Authorize or cancel payments, Add payer and payee beneficiary bank accounts and more. TransferMate provides an end-to-end international payments solution to improve cross-border business payments.
 The IPQualityScore Proxy Detection API returns JSON and XML formats with proxy and VPN detection data. With the API, developers can implement fraud detection services, IP reputation, bot detection, geo-filtering, and lead generation features into applications. IPQualityScore provides anti-fraud solutions via IP lookup, email verification, click fraud protection, proxy VPN detection and more.
 The flydubai Payment API provides the capability to process payments for flights, and includes methods for Invoice Payment Agency Credit and a Credit Card using the flydubai Payment Gateway. It enables you with the ability to create a session in CPG to be used while calling the pay service or make a payment. flydubai REST APIs allow users to access travel services for reservations, check in, etc., to create booking applications. flydubai is an airline that serves 90 destinations within a five-hour flying distance from Dubai.
 Apto Payments is the new name of Shift, a service that transfers money by generating Visa cards, targeting B2B. While Apto Payments is nearly ready, developers can save Shift API documentation for future reference that includes a REST architecture and JSON formats. For additional development information, contact support@shiftpayments.com
 The Splash Payments API returns payment data indirectly in JavaScript and it provides PHP, .NET, and Ruby as additional languages to interact with the interface. Developers can integrate one-time payments, recurring transaction, and refunds.
 The WeChat Logistics API allows developers to access logistic capabilities of WeChat and integrate with third party systesms. This includes user information, local storage, payment functions and others. WeChat connects billions of people with calls, chats and more.
 The accept.blue API provides programmatic access to accept.blue's payment gateway. This gateway can authorize a variety of payment types, including all major credit cards, signature debit cards, e-Checks, and ACH payments. accept.blue also provides a complete invoicing suite. Developers can register for API and documentation access.
 The Secuconnect API is a REST interface that enables payment and loyalty management in third-party applications. The API offers JSON responses associated with merchant data, loyalty cards, and customer information. API Keys are required for authentication. Secuconnect provides a service to securely access data of your payers.
 The IntegraPay REST API enables developers to programmatically interact with online payment services. Methods are available for BPAY, Invoices, Card Bin Search, Payers, Reports, Transactions and much more.
IntegraPay provides payment solutions for your business. Customized solutions for every business size, from one-off payments to complex recurring payments. We will tailor a solution that works for your business. Talk to an IntegraPay Payment Solutions Expert about your payment processing needs.
IntegraPay aims to make it easy for one to expand one's business's capabilities with services such as transaction processing and reporting, payer record management and payment scheduling. You'll soon be able to accept one-off and recurring payments from credit/debit cards and bank debits, plus BPAY in Australia, and ACH in the USA.
 Sila provides a payments API for KYC, Bank Account, and ACH Transfers. The Sila API provides endpoints for creating and managing payment and other financial technology applications including check handles, register, check KYC, link account, get accounts, issue, transfer, redeem, get transactions and more. Sila is powered by blockchain technology.
 The Fortellis Calculate Payments API enables applications to calculate automotive finance payments and/or lease payments of a vehicle. Developers can authenticate with an API Key and OAuth2. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform.
 The Bancor Converters API returns tokens data listed on the Bancor Network. Each token contains currency ID and public data to convert on the blockchain. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON responses in return. Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets.
 The Bancor EOS Volume API returns 24 hours of volume statistics on the Bancor Network. The API supports public API methods that send HTTP GET requests and return JSON format. Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets.
 The Bancor Price Ticker API returns currency data including names, symbols, codes, decimals, price 24h high, price 24h low, price, price 24h, volume 24h, and total supply. Developers can authenticate with API Keys to make calls that display JSON responses. Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets.
 The Bancor Available Pairs API displays pairs of convertible currencies in the Bancor network, using HTTP requests with JSON formats in return. Bancor API is currently in Alpha stage.
Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets.
 The Fortellis My Kaarma Payment API returns data to access the status of a previously submitted payment request. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 and API Key. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform.
 The Fortellis Deal Creation Quote API returns dealership price including fees, rebates, taxes, and a schedule of payment amounts. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform.
 The Fortellis ePayments API returns data to make ePayments with payment ID, department, and subscriptions. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 and API Key. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform.
 The MasterCom API offers Mastercard customers the ability to create and manage dispute claims in MasterCom. MasterCom is a system for dispute management. All activities for any given dispute can be tracked within a single claim using MasterCom, including Retrieval Request and Fulfillment, First Chargeback, Second Presentment, Arbitration Chargeback, Case Filing, and Fee Collection requests.
 The Dash Retail Rates API provides real-time market data for Dash/Fiat currency pairs by aggregating prices across numerous rate sources. To obtain access for the this service, it is required that you apply for an API Key. Dash is digital cash with instant transactions and micro-fees, available anytime, anywhere.
 PayIBAN offers a way to implement direct debit e-mandates in applications. PayIBAN API is a REST interface that enables mandate, status, amendment, and cancellation requests. The API responds in XML format. PayIBAN is an eBanking firm based in the Netherlands.
 The Iris CRM API in REST architecture displays JSON formats that return customer relationship management, merchants, leads, subscriptions, and payment features. Developers can authenticate with an API Key. Iris CRM provides merchant services CRM for clients in the payments industry.
 Paynow is a Zimbabwe based online payment platform. Paynow offers no setup costs, fraud prevention system, and integrated mediation. The Paynow API supports transaction management, mobile transactions, and status updates. The API has a REST architecture with API Key authentication.
 The BlockChyp API adds point-of-sale payment processing powered by blockchain. The REST API enables terminal transactions. Terminals must be activated beforehand by login to the BlockChyp dashboard. The API requires JSON for requests/responses, and uses API Keys, Bearer Tokens, and Signing Keys for authentication.
 The Finix Push Payments API provides real-time, rule-based underwriting for merchant accounts. Use the API to customize workflows, do velocity checks, and more. You are required to authenticate requests via HTTP basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. This API works with Visa Direct and MasterCard Send to disburse funds to most debit cards in 30 mins or less. Finix's Push Payout Platform's end-to-end solution, enables banks, acquirers and PSPs to offer Push Payouts to its customers. Finix provides payment data analytics platform tools and services to integrate centralized management of payments, and consolidate data to discover payment specific business insights.
 This Finix API provides programatic access to payment services for authorization, fetching an identity, listing merchants, creating payment cards, fetching a bank account, and more. You are required to authenticate requests via http basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. This Payment API supports JSON formatted data and utilizes POST and GET HTTP Requests. Finix provides payment data analytics platform tools and services to integrate centralized management of payments, and consolidate data to discover payment specific business insights.
 The Finix Payment Webhooks API allows allows subscribed users to receive automated notifications and events about Finix payments. It pushes notifications to a configured URL endpoint when an event is triggered, via HTTP POST payload. This includes services to; Create a Webhook, Update Webhook, Fetch a Webhook and more. You are required to authenticate requests via http basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. Finix provides payment data analytics platform tools and services to integrate centralized management of payments, and consolidate data to discover payment specific business insights.
 The Cross River Payment API provides Banking-as-a-Service access for managing identities, payment instruments, tokens, creating a payment card, listing payouts and more. Authenticate requests via HTTP basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. This Payment API supports JSON formatted data and utilizes POST and GET HTTP Requests to collect KYC information for the recipient, fetch a previously created payment Instrument, verify if a payout to a card is successful and more. Cross River provides financial services that merge the expertise of a bank, with the innovation of a technology company, and enables clients to deliver responsible financial solutions.
 The Cross River Payment Webhooks API allows you to build integrations that subscribe to automated notifications and events. It pushes notifications to a configured URL endpoint when an event is triggered, via HTTP POST payload. This includes services to; Create a Webhook, Update Webhook, Fetch a Webhook and more. You are required to authenticate requests via http basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. Cross River provides financial services that merge the expertise of a bank, with the innovation of a technology company, and enables clients to deliver responsible financial solutions.
 The Visa Push Payments API returns JSON and XML responses with merchant's credit card information related to goods and services. The API helps to display a user's financial info when he makes face-to-face or remote e-commerce payments.
 This is API access to the Nedbank developer portal to utilize Nedbank's payment functionalities to move funds, send money and receive money. All Nedbank developer APIs use OAuth 2.0 for authentication and authorization, and requires that you sign up for a subscription. Nedbank provides services that allows you to see money differently and learn how money well managed can make a real difference.
 The Braintree Webhooks API provides automated notifications for an event that has occurred in your gateway, that pushes information to a place designated by you. Braintree supports a notification kind that is returned by calling “the kind” on the notification object to reveal what triggered the webhook. This events service enables you with the ability to subscribe to webhooks for; Subscription status changes, Disbursements to your account, Disputes on transactions, Account Updater, Braintree Auth and more. Braintree creates global commerce tools to build businesses, accept payments, and enable commerce experiences.
 The Basware Network REST API provides a way to interact with a network of over a million businesses and allows you to; deliver and receive business documents, follow the life cycle of business documents by sending and receiving notifications, send and receive files related to business documents and more. Basware enables you with the ability to send and receive invoice data in JSON format. Basware is a Global leader in networked PurchaseToPay, invoicing and innovative financing services, that connects businesses globally.
 The Klarna Open Banking Auth API allows the merchant to retrieve various forms and submit the responses. It provides a way to handle the consumer's state and input, with the associated XS2A Form retrieved when the consumers input is needed and the response to the form sent to the API. When using a white label integration, the Auth API is called from the merchant, but in most cases this API is accessed by the Klarna Open Banking XS2A Application. Requests are supported for GET/POST and returns JSON formatted data. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Open Banking API is a server side service that offers endpoints for the merchant to initiate and control transfer and data access procedures. It is a single API that connects you to banks in European markets, that provides Account information and Payment initiation. This API is authenticated using the OAuth2 authorization system, and exposes endpoints for session and flow management. Requests are supported for PUT, DELETE, GET and POST and returns JSON formatted data. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Cardknox API integrates payments into online, mobile, and in-store applications. It uses the same URL for sandbox and live accounts and it requires xKey to authenticate. The API supports Credit Card, Check (ACH), EBT, Gift Card and Fraud Protection transactions. Cardknox is a developer-friendly payment system.
 The Braintree GraphQL API provides a way to charge payment methods, reverse and refund transactions, vault payment methods, look up transactions and more. This API is currently in Beta and supports basic server-side transaction processing. Braintree creates global commerce tools to build businesses, accept payments, and enable commerce experiences.
 This Payroll API is a RESTful service that provides programmatic access to Staffology for performing Payroll functions in the United Kingdom. The API supports JSON formats for POST/GET/PUT/DELETE requests and responses that includes; Account, AttachmentOrder, AutoEnrolment, Billing and more. Staffology is a web payroll application designed for the United Kingdom.
 The ING Open Banking Payment Initiation API provides secure access to all European ING online accessible payment accounts, to create a payment initiation. ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data. It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution, with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world.
 The ING Open Banking Showcase API exposes operations on the Open Banking Platform. It shows the functionality of the platform in action on the marketplace and is accessible to internal and external applications. ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data. It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution, with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world.
 The Tink Enterprise API returns banking data in JSON format including providers, credentials, transactions, statistics, transfers, and account aggregations. Authenticate with OAuth2 and use REST standards with the Tink Enterprise in REST architecture. Developers can integrate with Tink and gain access to Nordic banks and financial institutions.
 The Tink Connector API returns JSON data from customers' core systems. With the API, developers can integrate accounts and transactions services. The authentication token goes in the HTTP header. Developers can integrate with Tink and gain access to consumers' account data from Nordic banks and financial institutions.
 The Time Doctor API includes JSON and XML formats and Client ID and Client Secret to interact with the API. With the API, developers can track time, monitor applications and websites, and avoid distractions.
Time Doctor provides services for employee time tracking with screenshots.
 The AffiniPay Payment Gateway API in REST architecture processes payments for merchants. With the API, users can move funds between banks using accounts and routing numbers via TLS 1.2 secure data. Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses, including error information.
 LiteGo is a payment gateway with a REST interface designed allow you to accept Bitcoin Lightning Payments on your website at near-zero transaction fees. The API supports retrieving withdrawals, payments, and charges. Responses are delivered as JSON objects. LiteGo charges 0.1% for incoming API payments.
 The AffiniPay Merchant Application API assists in authenticating, signing up, and revoking merchant accounts. Developers can create a new application, deauthorize an OAuth application, include JSON object types, discover messages errors, and configure available Webhooks.
 The AffiniPay Quick Bill API in REST architecture creates contacts and sends Quick Bills as invoices to process online payments. Developers will use the HTTP protocol and OAuth authentication when they work with the Quick Bill API.
 The AffiniPay Authentication API returns JSON data to authorize access to AffiniPay merchant accounts. With the API, developers can request access tokens including client ID, client secret, grant type, scope, and redirect URL, and code as parameters.
 The TrueLayer Payments API is a Restful service that is currently in Beta. It provides a way to initiate a payment transaction for customers to transfer funds directly to your bank account in order to receive money instantly. The Payments API enables you to create and query payment resources, requiring an access token for authorization. You will need to get specific permission assigned in order to make a call to the Payments API. TrueLayer allows applications to connect securely with a customers bank to read their financial data or initiate payments using the Open Banking APIs for all available banks. The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial service products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications.
 The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes; List Clerks, List Merchants, Lookup Customer, Lookup Cart and more. It is a Rest service that requires an API key with content that is returned in JSON format. It is recommended to use your own ‘start of day’ and ‘end of day’ times with all timestamps returned in UNIX time format. PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology, to emerging and under-served markets globally.
 This service offers Webhook functionality for all transaction types for the PayJoy Retail Partner API. To receive webhooks, a URL must be configured in the admin console. The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes; List Clerks, List Merchants, Lookup Customer, Lookup Cart and more. PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology, to emerging and under-served markets globally.
 The PayJoy Lock API is a Rest service that allows you to return information about a device, claim a registered device, update the device expiration and more. This is a PayJoy device locking service for finance partners that have their own registration, checkout, and underwriting process as opposed to the PayJoy checkout and underwriting process. When partners call the Lock API it provides a way to control specific devices; whose changes are propagated from PayJoy servers to the device asynchronously. The API includes anti-fraud techniques such as anti-rooting/jailbreaking and anti-SIM/PN swapping and allows you to; register and take ownership of a device, lock a device at a particular time if payment is not made and permanently unlock a device after it is fully paid. PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology, to emerging and under-served markets globally.
 The Earthport Webhooks API is used to send account-related event notifications to the specified endpoint. This API is useful to alert when deposits are made to an account or when payments are returned. Earthport is a payment processing platform which allows for fast, cheap and transparent cross-border payments. The API uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication. The supported media type is JSON.
 The Apaleo Payment API supports hotels' payments configurations, allowing users to create payment accounts, authorize payments, capture payments, and access payment logs. Swagger documents available. Apaleo is a platform for hotel business operations.
 The Earthport API offers a payment processing platform which allows for fast, cheap and transparent cross-border payments. The API has a REST architecture and offers endpoints used to access balances, quotes, statements, users, and transactions. The API uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication. The supported media type is JSON.
 The Visa Adjustment API returns JSON data with a customer's resource credits to adjust a given payment. It supports Account Funding Transaction Reversal with transactions, account numbers, card expiration date, currency code, amount, and card acceptor as attributes.
 The Bolt REST API returns transaction data in JSON format for eCommerce applications. Developers can implement authorizations, capture, void, checking, credit, fetch, and review. Developers authenticate with token. Bolt provides end-to-end checkout, payments and fraud services.
 The Fire Business Account API returns JSON formats with payment data. Developers can integrate bank accounts, transactions, direct debit, and payment initiation. They can authenticate with token. Fire is a digital payments platform. Fire Financial Services Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland
 The Visa Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry API retrieves payment account data. The API sends requests and returns responses about transfers in JSON or XML format.
 The Happykwik mobile recharge API support covers a wider range of fields from operating system to the manipulation of raw data. It is a total solution for recharge business - Portal design, development, API integration and business promotion. This includes the ability to track all major recharge operator for Mobile, DTH and Data Card. Mobile Recharge API or application programming interface seems to be a technical term, but if you are running a business firm there is a definite need of technology and the compact solution will be brought by an efficient API provider. Being an individual business owner you may have least knowledge of such technical processes and on the other hand without implementing latest technology you will be left behind by your business competitors. Happykwik has brought the solution and your business will find more speed and success having such API support.
 The Visa Merchant Benchmark API processes credit, debit, and gift cards in JSON format, using base64 HTTP as the authentication method. With the API, developers can access Visa's data insights and key analytics through the Visa Developer Platform.
 The Visa Payment Refund API returns JSON data with a canceled sale that the merchant can return to the customer in full or partial amount. Developers can authenticate with base64.
 We are a national, full-service credit reporting agency certified as a re-seller for Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. We offer a suite of automated API’s for industries requiring credit data. With an impressive portfolio of data products and services, we can satisfy the most challenging consumer lending and credit requirements all backed by decades of knowledge and experience in the credit reporting and software industries. Interested developers can contact the provider for a consultation and API and documentation access.
 This API is used for the Klarna European production environment that includes services for; Checkout, Payments, Order Management and more. For further details please refer to the corresponding Klarna US services descriptions. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 This is indirect access to this service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. Klarna Payments provides a way to create a session that offers Klarna's payment methods as part of your checkout. It offers consumers with the ability to try before you buy, finance purchases on your store, or make use of other Klarna payment options. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The PayJoy API returns JSON data with payments, finance orders, partner contracts, amounts, currency, and client data. API Key is required to authenticate. Visit https://www.payjoy.com/about/ to learn more about PayJoy. PayJoy partners with financial institutions and retailers around the world to get customers access to credit. PayJoy is offered globally.
 The Klarna Merchant Card Service API is a Rest service that allows you to settle orders with virtual credit cards. The content type supports JSON and includes Create a new settlement, Retrieve An Existing Settlement and Retrieve A Settled Order's Settlement. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Hosted Payment Page API provides a way to integrate Klarna Payments without hosting the webpage that manages the client side. It is a companion service to Klarna Payments, so you need to integrate the Payments API to create a payment session and then use the Hosted Payment service. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 This is indirect access to this service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Settlements API provides access to payouts and transactions, that are basically two types that include; Collections, and Entity. It allows you to return a summary of payouts for each currency code in a date range, return a collection of transactions and CSV payout reports. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The CardConnect Gateway API returns JSON data to integrate credit, debit, and alternative payments into applications. REST implementation guide is available along with port connection instructions. CardConnect is a payment processing platform.
 The CardConnect Bolt API returns JSON data, aiming to streamline the integration of validated credit card payments. With the API, developers can implement payment acceptance solutions into software systems. CardConnect is a payment processing platform.
 The CardConnect CoPilot API assists in modifying merchants. Endpoints include create and update merchant, owner card pointe, signature status, and create billing plan. CardConnect is a payment processing platform.
 The Klarna Order Management API provides a way to handle an order after the customer has completed the purchase. It allows you to update, capture and refund an order etc. This API enables you to release remaining authorization, extend authorization time, update customer addresses and more. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Payments API provides a way to create a session to offer Klarna's payment methods as part of your checkout. After the purchase is complete, the order should be handled using the Order Management API. The three payment methods that it uses are; Pay now, Pay later and Slice it. It offers consumers with the ability to try before you buy, finance purchases on your store, or make use of other Klarna payment options. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Customer Token API provides a way to charge customers with a tokenized Klarna payment method for recurring purchases, subscriptions and storing the customer payment method. It allows you to generate a customer token call in the payments API. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Checkout REST API is a basic interface for all Klarna client libraries. The checkout API is used to create a checkout with Klarna and update the checkout order during the purchase with JSON default UTF-8 encoding supported. Klarna Checkout is made up of two parts: the checkout page snippet and the confirmation page snippet and allows you to; create a new order, retrieve an order and update an order. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna XML-RPC API provides a way to handle all orders and allows you to integrate them with your system to cancel, activate, update and refund orders. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Checkout Callbacks API provides callbacks during the customer's checkout session. It allows you to update the order for address and to validate the order before it is submitted. Callbacks are sent as POST requests to the endpoint you specify when creating the order. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The CardConnect CardSecure API returns JSON and XML data to protect sensitive card information, including encryption and storage. Interfaces available cover HTTPS, Socket, and SAP RFC. CardConnect is a payment processing platform.
 The e-Khalti Payments API allows developers to integrate online payments into their websites and mobile applications. e-Khalti is your e-currency, e-wallet and online payment gateway platform. e-Khalti is a mobile digital wallet for an instant, secure and hassle-free online payments.
 The BDApps Pro SMS API allows developers to send and receive SMS using JSON objects over HTTP. This API can also be used to check the delivery status of sent SMS, receive SMS with a short code, and more.
BDApps is an application development platform that provides Robi network tools for monetization and messaging. BDApps is based in Bangladesh.
 The PayCore Public API is a payment infrastructure-as-a-service that follows the JSON:API specification. Developers can access payment providers, payment methods, currencies, customer information, rate schemes, payment schemes, and more. The API integrates payment providers from around the world into one hub in order to offer different payment options such as credit cards, e-wallets, and bank transfers. The Public API requires API Keys for authentication and requires the use of the JSON:API media type (application/vnd.api+json) for exchanging data.
 The Xero Payroll API exposes payroll related functions of the payroll Xero application and can be used for a variety of purposes such as syncing employee details, importing timesheets etc. It is a RESTful web service that uses the OAuth protocol to authenticate 3rd party applications. Only Xero users with payroll administrator access can authorize access to payroll endpoints. NZ Xero organisations must have concluded the payroll setup steps before the Payroll API can be used. Xero APIs expose accounting and related functions of the main Xero application and includes features for; creating transactions, invoices and credit notes, extracting accounting data etc. Xero provides cloud based accounting software to simplify accounting and bookkeeping processes.
 The StellarExpert Explorer API returns analytics and statistical data for the Stellar Network, accessing information from payments' systems and banks' connections. Stellar is a non-profit open financial platform designed to promote global financial access.
 The AIB Payments Initiation API provides a way to create a payment submission, get a single immediate payment, create a single immediate payment and more. This API uses 0Auth 2.0 to grant access to third party service providers and returns JSON data for payment endpoints that enable you to initiate a single immediate domestic payment from a customer's account. Allied Irish Banks p.l.c. is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland and provides online and location banking services.
 The Cashplus Payment API allows you to initiate single and batch domestic payments in GBP currency. These Restful Payment API endpoints, provide a way to initiate, approve or reject, and submit payments with requests and responses that use a UTF-8 character encoding. This API supports JSON and features the ability to; create a single payment, submit a payment, create a batch payment, approve or reject a payment and more. Cashplus is a digital provider of real-time financial services that are unlike traditional banks.
 The Transbank Onepay API is a Chilean payment processing platform designed to simplify mobile transactions by integrating wallet functionalities. The API supports transaction management, and credential management. This API has a REST architecture, and each request must be authenticated with an API Key. Requests and responses need to be JSON formatted.
 The Mollie Shipment API can be used to ship order lines. The Shipment API returns JSON data, notifying developers when a service was provided or digital content was delivered. Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform.
 The Mollie Subscription API requires API Key and OAuth to make JSON callbacks, offering recurring payments in return. With the API, developers can schedule amounts and intervals to create an endless subscription to charge a monthly fee. A subscription ends when the user decides. Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform.
 The Mollie Invoices API retrieves details of an invoice, using the invoice’s identifier. OAuth access token is required to authenticate. Responses with 200 OK code in JSON format show a successful outcome.
 The Mollie Webhooks API processes payment status updates in real time when a payment is made. Mollie calls a webhook and the developers fetch the latest payment status.
 The PayTraq Point of Sale API is an extension of the REST API, activated from the Money to Cash Accounts and POS Connectors path. Developers can make requests over HTTPS with POST verbs that display XML responses in return. PayTraq provides accounting software for businesses.
 The Bread API returns JSON data and requires API Key to integrate payment options for eCommerce clients. With the API, developers can include a Bread button that allows customers to apply for credit products in a checkout flow, similar to applying for a loan for shopping online. Transaction and cart management also available. Bread helps retailers offer pay-over-time solutions. Bread is part of Cross River Bank, a New Jersey bank.
 The ApusPayments API allows developers to add cryptocurrency transactions within applications. This platform can be integrated with POS systems, EFT systems, and mobile applications. Payments can be received in Bitcoins. The API supports checkouts and cryptocurrency recharges. Requests and responses need to be JSON formatted.
 The Modulr API provides a sandbox to produce a financial integration environment before app release. The API is REST, offers JSON format and token to authenticate. Modulr based in London, is an automatic payout enterprise. The API includes methods for managing payments, rules, accounts, and direct debits.
 The ChargeDesk API returns JSON data with a charge of a billing subscription. Parameters include customer ID, amount, and currency, including the billing support URL to invoices and receipts. A secret key is required to authenticate. ChargeDesk is a payments management service that integrates with Stripe, PayPal, Braintree, Chargify, and others.
 The ChargeDesk Webhooks API creates a new webhooks to access billing notifications. Developers will receive a JSON response with webhook ID in a cURL example featured at https://chargedesk.com/api-docs#webhooks-create ChargeDesk is a payments management service that integrates with Stripe, PayPal, Braintree, Chargify, and others.
 The Stronghold Payments API provides a way to list available payment methods for an account, initiate a payment, retrieve details for a specific payment, stop or cancel an in progress payment and includes; List payment methods, Initiate payment, Get payment and more. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The delion API is organized around REST and has predictable, resource-oriented URLs that uses HTTP response codes to indicate API errors. Delion supports cross-origin resource sharing, allowing you to interact securely with the API from a client-side web application. JSON is returned by all API responses, including errors, although the libraries convert responses to appropriate language-specific objects. Delion provides a REST-API for developers and companies to explore and develop new business models based on IOTA distributed ledger technology.
 The Crypto monitor API provides bots that show savings in cryptocurrencies. The API is used to add, update, find, and delete monitors. Also, the current height of currencies are available for consuming. Currently, Crypto-Savings offers Bitcoin and Ethereum support.
 The Switch Cardsavr service is a card-on-file API that allows you to help cardholders update their new or reissued cards anywhere their payments are made online. Switch provides solutions to make online purchasing simple, by storing information for multiple websites, credit cards, and people. The Switch app collects different types of sensitive information, including: Credit card numbers, Website login and password, Email addresses, Mailing addresses and more. Switch will update this information across numerous websites with a focus on security.
 The Tikkie Fast Checkout API enables online customers to check out without entering details, such as their email and address, every time they make a purchase. Customers can pay with a single click using an online button or a QR code. Payments are made via iDEAL. Tikkie Fast Checkout works for anyone, as long as they're using a Dutch bank to make payments.
 The Bambora API makes payments requests in HTTP format, supported by cURL command-line tool. With Bambora, developers can create a transaction, create a payment profile, and search for a transaction.
 The Dream Payments API provides a programmatic interface for insurers to manage payment recipients and issue digital claims payments. The API allows you to; Integrate digital claims payments directly into your existing claims system, Integrate vendor payments directly into your vendor management system, Pull digital payment data directly into your financial reconciliation processes and more. Developers can create applications to accept payments, anywhere with Dream Payments mobile commerce solutions to process and build a customer payment experience. Dream Payments is a technology company that provides cloud payment solutions to financial institutions and insurance companies, enabling them to provide digital and mobile payment experiences to end customers.
 The Shopify Checkout API allows you to purchase products from a Shopify store programmatically. A checkout in Shopify is the object used to manage a customer’s cart as it transitions to a paid checkout. Some features include calculating taxes, shipping rates, attaching the customer’s information, and finally completing a purchase by submitting a payment. Shopify provides services for merchants, that want to sell online, in-store, or anywhere. It is ecommerce solutions, such as, integrating your service into the Shopify admin, customizing any website, and more.
 The Barzahlen Webhooks API allows real-time integrations with Barzahlen payment processing platform. This API sends an HTTPS request to the specified endpoint when a transaction is paid, canceled or when it expires. Barzahlen is a German payment system that allows users to shop online, select Barzahlen as a payment method, print out a purchase form or receive a purchase form by SMS, then pay in person at a Barzahlen partner store.
 The CloudWalk API allows developers to access all the functionalities of the CloudWalk platform. CloudWalk is a transparent yet secure payment platform. The API enables applications to perform CRUD operations for payments functions.
 The Barclays Consent API allows you to manage the authorization given to Third Party Providers (TPPs) to receive payments or access transaction history from Barclays customer accounts. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Barclays Payment Initiation API allows you to initiate a single and immediate non-mandated funds transfer. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Jenga API provides connections to multiple telcos, mobile wallets, card associations, governments, credit bureaus and banks. It allows you to send money, receive money, check your account balances and statements, open accounts and more. It enables businesses with the ability to accept payments, collect customers payment information, and create charges that includes services for; Create Bill, Query Bill, Query payment and Receive payments. Jenga is a Payment Gateway serviced thru Finserve Africa.
 The Wyre API is a REST service that supports wire transfers, mass international payouts, cryptocurrency wallet management, and virtual banking services for your personal or enterprise needs. It uses HTTPS response codes and returns all error responses in JSON that enables conversions of large volumes between currencies. It provides a way for developers to manage on boarding users compliantly, connecting customers bank accounts, and more. It allows you to convert large volumes between currencies with minimal movement from the market price. Wyre provides a crypto infrastructure for business and teams that want to build payment solutions.
 The Payssion API allows you to integrate your website with Payssion. It allows you to collect payments using payments buttons, to collect payments with a payment link etc. This includes services for Payment Button, Hosted Payment Page, Shopping Cart Plugins, Direct API and more. Payssion is an online payment service provider. we provide a one-stop global payment solution which allows merchants to accept payments worldwide.
 The snabble API integrates retail checkout capabilities with mobile applications. This platform functions as a scanner in order to facilitate checkouts at retail stores. Consumers can use the snabble scanner to scan products and pay at self-checkout terminals. The REST API works as a product for local servers; this interface is used to retrieve shop details, products, orders, and more.
bento-for-business didn't extract the description
 The PayPro API is a simple link between your server and PayPro payment systems that allows you to use PayPro's solutions without visible intervention. The API is used by sellers to call the systems of PayPro to process payments, without the customer noticing anything from PayPro. PayPro provides payment methods for PayPal, Visa, WeChat Pay, MasterCard, iDEAL, AfterPay and more. PayPro is a payment service provider that specializes in processing online payments.
 The Erste Group Basic Payment API provides a listing of the client's payment accounts that are normally available for TPPs with AISP license. This includes services for; Account balance check, Payments, Payments Authorization and more. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Marqeta DiVA API returns payment JSON data after making URI Query String/CRUD requests, authenticating with HTTP basic method in a RESTful architecture. DiVA stands for Data insights, Visualization, and Analytics and it aggregates and curates payment analytic info in the Marqeta platform. Marqeta is a payment card service.
 The Mollie Settlements API returns successful payments data, delivered according to account payout schedule. The info retrieved includes which payments were paid out, when the settlement took place, and what invoice reference was used for it. OAuth is required to authenticate, make GET requests, and receive JSON output in return.
 The Mollie Profiles API automatically creates a profile website to process payments, without using a dashboard to build it manually. Developers can use POST verbs to receive JSON responses in return. Access tokens are required to authenticate.
 The Mollie Organizations API retrieves the currently authenticated organization. OAuth access tokens are required to authenticate, make calls with GET verbs that display JSON responses in return.
 The Mollie Connect API serves as an authentication endpoint, in which merchants log in, and authorize a client app. One example is when a merchant clicks on the Connect with Mollie button, a developer redirects the merchant to the Authorize endpoint.
 The PelicanPay TPP API is Pan-European API Interoperability that enables third party providers with the ability to connect with any ASPSP across Europe, for Payment Initiation and Account Information services. This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format. The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts. PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions, and a financial crime compliance platform for fintechs and third party providers for onboarding and global payments processing.
 The PelicanPay Fintech API is an OpenBanking Hub that enables access to pan-European PSD2 Payment Initiation and Account Information solutions for Fintechs. This allows you to consume Open Banking or PSD2 functionality from several banks in Europe. This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format. The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts. PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions, and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing.
 The PelicanPay Bank API is an integrated API framework to handle requests to ASPSPs from AISPs/PISPs. It provides a suite of dynamic API capabilities for ASPSPs and third party providers for open banking initiatives that features AI and Data analytics powered solutions to monetize your data and more. This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format. The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts. PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions, and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing.
 The Strike API in REST architecture returns bitcoin and cryptocurrency data. Developers can use basic auth, API Key, and HTTP verbs that display JSON objects in return.
 The Revolut Open Banking Webhooks API allows you to receive updates about your account. You can use this API to create a web-hook endpoint to receive a notification that will be posted, via HTTP POST method, to the specified endpoint for the following supported events: Transaction Creation and Transaction State Change. Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics, free money transfers, fee-free travel and more.
 The BillingFox API is a service that developers can add to their own applications, games, or SaaS to enable metered billing pricing and charge customers only for what they use.
BillingFox operates on three core services. Stellar, Stripe and the BillingFox API.
 The Revolut Open Banking API allows you to integrate your Revolut for Business account to automate your business account operations. You can automate all payment processes including: Accounts, Counterparties and Payments. Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics, free money transfers, fee-free travel and more.
 The Nexway Monetize API is a modular and scalable digital commerce Platform. All services are 100% accessible through REST API and SaaS user interface. Implement in one click a digital purchase scenario. Our platform allows you to manage the sales of your digital product (software, video games, mobile apps...) or online services. Wherever you sell through mobile or online, we power omnichannel experiences that increase your customer’s lifetime value. With Nexway Monetize API, you keep control of your product management, your design & marketing operations.
 The Nexway Connect API provides standard interface to collect product catalog data (Product Feed) and to manage purchase order (REST API). Nexway manages the complexity of business relationship with the Publisher and the End-user product fulfillment. It allows to sell thousands of Softwares and Video Games on a digital store.
iban- didn't extract the description
 The Nuo Play API is a Protocol for Collateralized Debt. It is a transparent, permission less and global protocol for creating collateral backed financial applications on the Ethereum Blockchain. Some Nuo Play uses may include; Crypto Exchanges, Decentralized Apps, Banks, Fintechs, Credit Unions, Investment Banks, Payment Gateways and more. Nuo is a Blockchain powered financial control centre to store, spend and grow your cryptocurrencies.
 The Coinbase Webhooks API notifications service allows you to subscribe to Coinbase updates. It provides a way to receive notifications as events are created for your account with some features that include; Get notified when your buy or sell is completed, Monitor order payments, Initiate actions when your bitcoin, bitcoin cash, litecoin or ethereum addresses receive new transactions and more. The Coinbase service is a global open financial system.
 The Coinbase Commerce Webhooks API enables you with the ability to integrate with Coinbase Commerce and allows you to subscribe to a set of charge events. Subscribe to the events by adding a new webhook subscription, and specify what events you would like to receive updates for. The Coinbase service is a global open financial system.
 The WebKit Apple Pay Payment Request API enables you to integrate Apple Payments in your web application. Safari 11.1 on macOS and Safari on iOS 11.3 support the W3C Payment Request API for conducting Apple Pay transactions on the web. It follows the W3C Payment Request specification that allows merchants to utilize one or more payment methods with minimal integration. Browsers and user agents facilitate the payment flow between merchant and user. WebKit is an open source web browser engine that is used by Safari, Mail, App Store, and many other applications on macOS, iOS, and Linux.
 The Coingate API returns Bitcoin and Altcoin payment data by creating an order API method, receiving an approval status, and redirecting a buyer to a payment URL address.
 The Coinbase Commerce API allows you to integrate Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin and Ethereum payments into your business or application. The Coinbase service is a global open financial system.
 The Tap Merchant Payments API can be accessed to collect payment details with methods for charge request credit cards or without source object, and create refund, and others. Tap Payments is a payments service that focuses on Middle Eastern business owners and consumers.
 The CyberSource Credit Card Payments API integrate payments into applications. It supports SOAP and XML formats with WSDL as the description file type. With the API, developers can implement credit card processing, authorization, and CCV validation.
 The CyberSource eWallet Payments API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With eWallet, they can implement AliPay Domestic Services, AliPay International Services, and Korean Cyber Payments.
 The TransNational Payments API is a JSON-based service with a machine-learning AI fraud platform. It uses machine-learning algorithms to prevent and detect suspicious processing activity. TransNational Payments provides technology solutions serving businesses nationwide, to manage payments in-store, online and more.
 The OFX Payments API allows you to get exchange rates across all your automated international payments. It unlocks the OFX International Payments network and makes cross-border payments using global currency markets, and more. OFX is a global provider of overseas money transfers.
 The OFX Payments Notifications callback allows you to specify the URL to where the OFX Payments API will push events to. The OFX Payments API allows you to get exchange rates across all your automated international payments. OFX is a global provider of overseas money transfers.
 The CyberSource Samsung Pay API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Samsung SDK available.
 The CyberSource Visa Pay API returns mobile payment data to integrate Visa into a system. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Name-Value Pair and XML examples available.
 The CyberSource Masterpass Pay API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Available supported countries, 3D secure, and decision manager.
 The CyberSource Chase Pay API returns mobile payment data to integrate Chase Banking features into a system. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Learn How Chase Pay works with the guide available on the site.
 The CyberSource Apple Pay API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With ApplePay, developers can implement in app transactions, web transactions, and merchant initiated transactions.
 The CyberSource Android Pay returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With Android Pay, enable users, request masked and full wallet, and decrypt message key.
 The CyberSource Invoicing API returns mobile payment data to integrate invoices into a system. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic.
 The CyberSource Cash Payments API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With the API, they can implement Multibanco Services.
 The CyberSource Online Bank returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic.
 The Turn API allows you to identify and check individuals for risk management or background checks. It is a REST service that can be consumed with any programming language with examples in Python and Javascript. Turn (Turning.io) provides a service platform for companies with on-demand job opportunities, including a payments tool to pay your workers faster and identity database engines to screen workers in real-time.
 The Google Pay API is used to request credit or debit card information that is stored in a customer’s Google account. It allows you to make online purchases without the need for customers to manually enter any payment information. A payments selection dialog is used to return payment information that is ready to be charged. It uses a supported payments gateway or is directly processed on an encrypted secure server that provides a way to utilize one-touch checkout flows for Google users. Google is a technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products that includes online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, software, and hardware. This is indirect access to Google pay, please refer to the available SDK's below.
 BluePay is a provider of secure payments processing solutions for businesses and organizations. The company offers three options of secure payments integration modules including the Install a Plugin option, the Embed a Payment Form, and the Full Integration option. Use the BluPay API to integrate secure online payments portal in your applications. A sandbox testing environment is available on request.
 The Razorpay Webhooks API allows developers to subscribe to certain events on the Razorpay API. When such an event is triggered, an HTTP POST payload is sent to the webhook's configured URL in JSON. Triggering events may include when a payment is authorized, when a payment is successfully captured, when a payment fails, when an order is successfully paid, when an invoice is successfully paid, and when an invoice gets expired.
 The ACINQ Strike Webhooks API will send you a notification when a Strike payment has been made. Strike provides a way to process lightning payments, and receive aggregated Bitcoin transactions. A Strike dashboard allows you to monitor your payments in real time. This includes; Charge object, Create a charge, List charges and more. ACINQ is a bitcoin technology company that builds products and services for the Bitcoin ecosystem.
 The ACINQ Strike API provides a way to process lightning payments, and receive aggregated Bitcoin transactions. A Strike dashboard allows you to monitor your payments in real time. Methods are available to: Charge object, Create a charge, List charges and more. This API supports HTTP verbs, Basic Auth and cross-origin resources sharing with response objects that are delivered as JSON. ACINQ is a Bitcoin technology company that builds products and services for the Bitcoin ecosystem.
 The Sparrow Services API by SparrowOne provides payments and value added features in the Sparrow gateway, that is a method of submitting transaction through the Services API. It allows merchants to connect their order management, shopping cart or card present device to the payment gateway for processing. Various transactions include; Sale, Authorization, Capture, Void, Refund and more. Sparrow is a global e-payment system comprised of FBI Tools, Tokenization, Payment Routing, Recurring Billing, ARC support, Closed Loop Payment Ecosystem and Commerce Hub.
 The Inkassogram Invoice API allows developers to integrate invoicing and payment tracking functionality in financial applications. The API sends requests in URI Query String/CRUD format. API methods are available for activating invoices, fetching invoice data, searching companies, resending invoices, and more. Inkassogram is a Sweden-based provider of invoicing and debt collection solutions.
 The ACME Animated QR Code Generator API hosts a RESTful Web Service for creating animated codes including QR codes in real time. Animation creation requests and animation updates are communicated in JSON, while animations are delivered in mp4, gif, or png and zip for individual frames. Animated QR codes provide 'call to action' scan targets for users and can be embedded with a company's branding, logo, or campaign. Clients requiring large volume animated QR codes and/or automated code creation can use the API directly. Individual making retail purchases can use ACME's online interactive 'Coderunner' QR code generator.
 The LaterPay REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of LaterPay with other applications. Some example API methods include accessing LaterPay functionalities, managing users, and retrieving forms. LaterPay offers monetization functionalities for digital content and applications.
 The Currency Alliance Loyalty API offers access to the issuance, transfer, redemption, or exchange of any loyalty point currency in JSON format. Currency Alliance is a cloud based provider of business solutions related to marketing and loyalty systems. Currency Alliance enables existing and new loyalty programs to connect with other businesses and exchange loyalty currencies.
 The Cashfree REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cashfree with other applications. Some example API methods include integration with payment gateways and processing payments. Cashfree offers payments solutions for fintech companies and marketplaces.
 The Veem API is designed for businesses that send and receive international and domestic payments. This API and platform is targeted to the growing legions of businesses with global partners.
The primary use case of the Veem API is sending money to vendors/suppliers. Users of the API can make a request that initiates a bill payment process and then follow up on its status.
You'll need a Veem account to use the API. Once you have a Veem account, please send them an email at devsupport@veem.com and they will provide the API credentials.
Veem is a payments platform that leverages multi-rail and Blockchain technology. By leveraging multi-rail technology, including blockchain, Veem has built a platform that transfers money in an easy and secure way between 60 countries.
 The DBS Transaction Analytics API provide insight on customer spending patterns - money movements such as total spending on categories, monthly totals, and more. The results does not generally include current day transactions included in the totals. Current scope supports Singapore GIRO (SG) only.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS GIRO API enables your customers to apply for a new debit card — initiating the account opening and application submission processes.Direct Debits APIs provide functions to set up, retrieve and manage automatic electronic payments to Billing parties. Current scope supports Singapore GIRO (SG).
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia
 The DBS Payees API provides payee management functionalities such as adding new payees, retrieving payee details, and retrieving registered payee lists.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 DataYuge’s Recharge Plans API is a comprehensive database of recharge offers of various telecom providers in India. This is generated from direct operator feeds and official operator offers list. DataYuge lists all the latest recharge plans in this browse plan API. The plans are daily updated, thus all data is accurate. DataYuge supports almost 9+ categories where the ML algorithm categorizes data. Some of these categories include Full Talktime offers, Top up offers, 4G, 3G, data recharge, Special recharges and so on. All the plans available are in TRAI prescribed format.
 Yandex Checkout is a payment service for business entities and sole proprietors. To activate it, you need to submit an activation request and sign an agreement with Yandex Money.
There are two scenarios for using Yandex Checkout to receive payments in mobile apps: using Yandex Checkout payment forms, or using the API for Apps.
Payment forms are easier to integrate, and they allow you to receive payments in all the ways that are available according to your agreement with Yandex Checkout. However, you can only get data from Yandex Money on the server or by email. The API only lets you receive payments from a user's Wallet or from bank cards, but, allows you to process payment information directly in the app.
Yandex support pages are in Russian.
Yandex is one of the largest internet companies in Europe, operating Russia's most popular search engine. Yandex provides user-centric products and services based on the latest innovations in information retrieval, machine learning and machine intelligence to a worldwide customer audience on all digital platforms and devices.
 The DBS Standing Instructions API provides functions to setup, retrieval, and management of automatic, scheduled, or recurring electronic payments to registered payees.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 Token.io provides access to different banks through one API. The Token.io API can be used to aggregate user account information, initiate payments, build B2B payment integrations, and to integrate eCommerce checkout processes. The API features Smart Tokens which simplify access to underlying assets. Smart Tokens mask underlying assets such as account numbers.
dbs-paylah! didn't extract the description
 The ABN AMRO Tikkie API provides a way to create payment requests via SMS, Whatsapp, Facebook Messenger and more. The Tikkie API can be used to create payment requests on behalf of users and are organized into platforms. This includes services for adding new platforms and users, creating payment requests, or retrieving information about existing payment requests. ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications.
 The Batch Payments API provides a way to transfer multiple payments at once allowing you to automate your payment flow. It can be used to automatically transfer multiple secure payments to ABN AMRO, such as transferring batch payments from your financial software system to ABN AMRO. ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications.
 THE IIN API is a verification platform that integrates credit and debit card look up capabilities in order to detect fraudulent activities. Developers can white-list their API key to ensure specific servers consume the IIN API for added security. The API is REST-based with standard HTTP GET requests. ALL data is provided in JSON format. Fees are charged on a per call basis.
 The Paxful Bitcoin Data Trades API returns all successfully completed trades with a hard cap of 100 trades per request. The Trades request allows you to fetch information for an active and/or completed trade for Start, List, Paid, Cancel and more. Paxful provides a way to buy and sell Bitcoin direct, using a Peer to Peer Money Marketplace.
 The Mobius Webhooks API provides alerts for the Mobius DApp Store and multiple blockchains. Mobius uses webhook callbacks to alert you of actions. The Mobius universal protocol APIs work across all blockchains and connect the internet world to the blockchain ecosystem. It implements and supports decentralized blockchain features such as token payments, login, governance, and oracles. Mobius requires SSL and AES-256 bit encryption throughout the network and provides cold storage with multi-signature wallets. Mobius instructs Al driven devices to directly purchase resources from a distributed grid using M2M payments that are independent of human intervention. Mobius is building simple cross-blockchain protocols to connect billions of people and devices to the blockchain ecosystem.
 The Mobius REST API provides simple access to the Mobius DApp Store and multiple blockchains. The Mobius universal protocol APIs work across all blockchains and connect the internet world to the blockchain ecosystem. It implements and supports decentralized blockchain features such as token payments, login, governance, and oracles. Mobius requires SSL and AES-256 bit encryption throughout the network and provides cold storage with multi-signature wallets. Mobius instructs Al driven devices to directly purchase resources from a distributed grid using M2M payments that are independent of human intervention. Mobius is building simple cross-blockchain protocols to connect billions of people and devices to the blockchain ecosystem.
 The Patreon Webhooks API allows you to receive real-time updates from Patreon servers that will eventually be many events about which you can be notified. Patreon's mission is to fund the creative class by building a product that powers membership businesses for creators.
 The Patreon API is a payment platform that supports creators with Patron-only content, Automation for rewards, Patron-only communities and more. It speaks to external services stating that there is a patron and what their pledge level is. Patreon's mission is to fund the creative class by building a product that powers membership businesses for creators.
 The Escrow.com API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website, mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks. Escrow.com will send you updates via Webhook at key points during a transaction by providing an HTTP endpoint. To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python, Ruby, PHP C# and cURL. Requests are available for; Get Webhooks, Create a Webhook, Delete a Webhook and more. Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet.
 Escrow.com Platform API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website, mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks. To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python, Ruby, PHP C# and cURL. Transactions that are available includes; Agree to a transaction, Funding a transaction, Shipping a transaction, Disbursing a transaction and more. Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet.
 The Nix Info Tariff Plans API offers card recharges, and bill pay integrations. The service is available for third-party websites and mobile applications. XML and JSON are the preferred data exchange formats. The platform uses API Keys for authentication. Nix Info is a web development firm based in India.
 This API is available for existing CheckMate partners to manage the reservations they provide to CheckMate and its guests. Checkmate is a cross-language meta-tool for static code analysis that provides a global overview of the code quality in a project. The API allows you to access all analysis data and to build integrations into other systems that uses QuantifiedCode CE as an automation tool inside your build pipeline. However, because this is an indirect API, the only way to interact with it is through the SDK. Check the SDK tab below for details on what is available. QuantifiedCode is a platform for automated code review and repair.
 Scalable Press is a provider of printing and fulfillment technologies. The Scalable Press Billing API allows users to track invoices and payments for orders processed through the Scalable Press website. Use the API to list invoice objects, retrieve invoice object, and complete PayPal payments. The API currently accepts only PayPal payments.
 iyzico is a provider of secure payments solutions including the iyzipay API. Deployment of the iyzipay RESTfulAPI simplifies the integration of online payments functionality in web applications. Interested developers can sign up for a free Sandbox account to test and verify their integrations.
 PayAPI.io enables aggregated payment capabilities with fraud prevention. The API supports risk analysis, IP address validation with intelligent geoIP data and proxy detection, credit card validation, and blacklist monitoring. PayAPI.io follows REST practices, and supports JSON formatted data. PayAPI.io is a fintech firm with offices in Finland and Spain.
 Paymentez is a Latin American gateway and point of sale platform that processes local and online payments. Paymentez supports over 20 payment methods. The Paymentez API is used to manage credit cards, verify transactions, issue refunds, and to receive transactions. JSON is the preferred response format. Developers will need to request a sandbox account.
 The Vantiv MercuryPay eCommerce RESTful API allows developers to post transaction requests directly from their shopping cart and combined with our tokenization it lightens the burden of PCI DSS compliance for developers. This guide shows you how to integrate to MercuryPay using our RESTful/JSON payments API integration method. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv Fraud Filtering Services API provides the flexibility of restricting which transactions are submitted to the filtering service and which filters the system applies to which groups. This is accomplished by defining Filter Rules that includes; Address Verification System, Fraud Velocity, Prior Chargeback and more. It allows you to filter transactions based upon failure to match either the address or the zip code individually, or address and zip code combined, enables decline of Auths/Sales once a threshold number of approved Auths/Sales occur within a preset time period for a particular card, filters transactions based either upon the receipt of any chargeback by the merchant from the same account within the last 90 days, or only the subset of chargebacks tagged as fraud chargeback and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv eCommerce iQ Reporting and Analytics API provides scheduled Vantiv Secure Reports, Merchant Services Updates, User Administration and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
360-payments-velox-point-of-sale didn't extract the description
 The 360 Payments Velox eCommerce API provides customized web-based payment processing methods that significantly reduces a merchant's PCI footprint without sacrificing end-user look and feel. It includes; Query, Direct Post, Three-Step Redirect and more. It allows merchants to download a detailed stream of transaction data that can then be used to create reports and analytics. Velox is an integrated payments experience for businesses that features state-of-the-art security, and mobile flexibility that is powered by 360 Payments.
 Wallee offers diverse tools that streamline online businesses. The Wallee Web Service API supports payment processing, subscriptions (for payments and communications), document handling, and Email handling. JSON is the preferred response format. Wallee is a Switzerland based payment gateway provider that specializes in the fintech industry.
 The Novopayment Authentications API enables security processes related to transactions. It provides account login, token generation and authentication tools for the validation of your user's credentials against other applications. The available functions include; Generate authentication credentials, Validate authentication credentials and User login. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Novopayment Money Transfers API allows users with the authorized credentials to send money to third party accounts. The Money Transfer Tools service enables you to send money between different parties like individuals, businesses, merchants and agents. The money transfer APIs provides cash transfers between different payment ecosystem participants that includes; card/account holders businesses, merchants and corresponding agents. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Novopayment Customer Support Tools API enables users with the authorized credentials to block stored value accounts. It allows you to block accounts, change PIN, report, process incidents, and more. Customer support tools provide call center and support personnel with useful back-office functions for cash management programs such as blocking a card or virtual account, changing a PIN, reporting incidents among others. Some available tools include; Block or Replace Account/Card, Positive Identification, Replace card, User identification and more. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Registration Cardholder API allows you to update information in stored value accounts. It is a tool to enable the creation of new individual or bulk user accounts and cash management programs for businesses, merchants, corresponding agents and end users. Some available operations include; Registration, Self-Registration, Cardholder's, Account Creation and more. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Novopayment Inquiries API provides balance and transaction history, transactions by category, agent commissions and more. The Inquiry cardholder API enables balance and transaction inquiries on stored value accounts that make it possible to retrieve account balances and other transactional information for businesses, merchants, corresponding agents and cardholder accounts. Some available functions include; Account balance, Recent transactions, Transaction history and more. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Cash Management API provides a way to manage money in real time that allows you to disburse unused funds, and request payments between businesses, merchants, corresponding agents and end users. Some available functions includes; Cash disbursement, Cash recovery, Deposits, and Withdrawals. The Cash Management service is real-time cash management tool that enables companies to process deposits and withdrawals from stored value accounts. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The OCBC Merchant Card Payments API enables OCBC customers to integrate card payment APIs seamlessly with existing systems for transactional capabilities. The Merchant Card Payments API provides transactions using card payments APIs that includes; authorize, capture, sale, void and query transactions. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 CinetPay connects an application with a secure payment processing platform designed for mobile. Users of CinetPay only need their phone and PIN number to complete transactions. The API simplifies online payments without the need of a bank account or credit card. Token is the preferred method for authentication. CinetPay is a mobile payment gateway provider based in the Ivory Coast in West Africa.
 koomalooma is a loyalty API for mobile and web companies offered as a BPaaS (Business Process as a Service). With koomalooma merchants issue points for actions, their customers/users make on your mobile or web store, for example a purchase or a referral.
koomalooma offers an easy to integrate API and web backend to configure loyalty campaigns and track performance. With koomalooma, you outsource the entire rewards and loyalty process.
With this API, you canDisplay to your web or mobile user the amount of loyalty or incentive points the user	will earn for a specific actionDisplay the amount of points the user earned after completing the action, the total balance of points earned to date and redirect the user to signup and reward catalog site.Use the koomalooma partner panel to define specific loyalty campaigns for each mobile or web property and to generate the code to be pasted into your application.Use the koomalooma partner panel to monitor the performance of your campaign.Rewards are available in over 80 countries and are tailored to suit the needs of users in each specific market.
Registration to the koomalooma backend is free and works on a pay as you go model.
 The Paysafe Card Payments API offers a full suite of credit and debit card functionality to meet all your card-processing needs. Paysafe is an online payment solution based in the UK.
 This Vantiv integration allows you to store, process, or transmit sensitive cardholder data, and all merchant/vendor applications. The Express API is a server side Web service application where all communication takes place over secure HTTPS links to the internet. This is handled via XML or SOAP, and supports Credit, Debit, and Checking transactions that includes; TransForm Tokenization, Hosted Payment service, Recurring transactions and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 Vantiv's eProtect and OmniToken for Enterprise solutions help solve your card-not-present challenges by virtually eliminating payment data from your order handling systems, transferring the ownership to Vantiv and reducing PCI applicable controls. It controls the fields on your checkout page that hold sensitive card data and includes; Authorize transactions, Sales transactions, Force capture transactions, and more. The eProtect feature is compatible with the following; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems, and Browsers; Visa Checkout, Internet Explorer 8, Chrome 1, Android 2.3, Apple iOS 3.2, Windows Phone 10 and more. The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This Vantiv service allows you to integrate the Customer Browser JavaScript API eProtect solution into your checkout page. This includes; Authorize transactions, Sales transactions, Force capture transactions, and more. Vantiv's eProtect solution features are that it controls the fields on your checkout page that collect sensitive cardholder data. The eProtect feature is compatible with the following; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems, and Browsers; Internet Explorer 8, Chrome 1, Android 2.3, Apple iOS 3.2, Windows Phone 10 and more. The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Account Updater API enables you to receive updated credit card information without having to contact each customer individually with some features that includes: New account number and/or new expiration date, Account closed notification, Contact customer notification, Engage in recurring billing, and more. Account Updater is an optional product that allows you to request and receive updated information concerning MasterCard, Visa, and Discover cardholder accounts. It is used to offer a recurring billing payment plan for customers. It provides a way to integrate complex online payments that connect to shopping carts, or adding disruptive technologies to your online stores. This type of billing includes subscription services, membership fees, multi-payment programs, and various preferred customer programs. The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv LitleXML CNP API provides a way to send and receive secure XML encoded transactions for both batch and online transactions. It has detailed information about card not present, API XML message format, and transaction examples and Certification test cases. It is used for payment processing with Vantiv, LLC. to perform unattended transaction testing and attended that, certification testing with Vantiv, and transaction processing using cnpAPI. This includes; Testing and certification process, Authorization Transactions, Authorization Reversal Transactions, Activate Transactions and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The eCommerce Sandbox is a simulator of the Vantiv production environment. It allows you to send your transactions to the sandbox and simulates the certification or production systems. It validates and approves the transaction format if it matches Vantiv requirements and include the Sandbox environment, the Pre-Live environment and the Post-Live environment. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This API is fraud detection tools in the form of a variety of Fraud Filters with ThreatMetrix to provide additional options that allows you to augment Vantiv filters by taking advantage of several ThreatMetrix fraud detection features. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This Facebook API is Webhooks for Payments that provides real-time updates about your transactions. Webhooks for Payments are an essential method by which you're informed of changes to orders made through Facebook Payments within your app. It is a subscription based system between Facebook and your server that allows your subscribed app to receive updates from Facebook via a specified HTTPS endpoint.
Here are some primary scenarios in which updates are sent to your developer server: Payment Fulfillment, Refunds, Chargebacks, Chargeback Reversals and Declines
Disputes. Facebook Developers enables you to build, grow and monetize amazing apps.
 The Hubtel Vend API facilitates bill payments, and mobile airtime refills. JSON is the preferred response format. The API employs Base64 HTTP Basic Auth for authentication, and requires each request to include username and password. Hubtel is a mobile technology firm that delivers customer service and payment solutions.
 The Hubtel Send Message API can be used to send text, binary or Unicode based messages. Additionally, Hubtel supports scheduling and message details retrieval. The API employs Base64 HTTP Basic Auth for authentication, and requires each request to include username and password. Hubtel is a mobile technology firm that delivers customer service and payment solutions.
 The Hubtel USSD (Unstructured Supplementary Service Data) API is a service that allows GSM communications. The USSD API features WAP browsing, prepaid callback service integrations, mobile money services, location-based content services, and menu-based information services. The API employs Base64 HTTP Basic Auth for authentication, and requires each request to include username and password. Hubtel is a mobile technology firm that delivers customer service and payment solutions.
 The Hubtel Sell API offers a way for businesses to receive online payments. The API supports mobile payments, credit cards, debit cards, and more. The API employs Base64 HTTP Basic Auth for authentication, and requires each request to include username and password. Hubtel is a mobile technology firm that delivers customer service and payment solutions.
 AgilePay simplifies the process of interacting with multiple payment gateways within an application. Developers can connect applications to a REST based platform that can safely store gateway credentials, save customer information, and store payment methods. AgilePay supports common transactions such as capture, credit and void. Additionally, the API offers transaction scheduling which can be used to execute transactions at a specific timezone and date.
 Visa B2B Virtual Account Payment Method provides a secure and flexible platform that businesses can use to deploy virtual accounts as B2B portals for automating the process of paying suppliers. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format. Its production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 Visa Payments Processing API provides a direct link to Visa’s global payment system through which Visa clients including approved merchants, acquirers and acquirer processors can process card-not-present payments. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format. Although the API’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers, its production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 CyberSource provides ecommerce payment management services. The CyberSource SCMP API is a security solution that allows developers to integrate industry-standard Triple DES encryption in ecommerce payment apps. This secures the safety and privacy of user messages that are conveyed through the CyberSource platform.
 This API allows you to process Vantiv services via the Hosted Payments solution on the Express payment platform. It provides a way to process a single sale transaction and store card data in PASS to tokenize. Express is a server-side web-service application that communicates over secure HTTPS links to the Internet. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This Vantiv Cloud Lane API provides a way to see all the lanes currently associated with your account, generate a new activation code for your PIN pad, reconfigure PIN pad and more. TriPOS Cloud enables you to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This API allows you to process a Vantiv transaction through triPOS. The API supports null lane IDs that allow payment transactions to flow through the system without the need for hardware. This includes; Generate a request package, Create Message Headers, Send the request to triPOS and more. The Express API is a server-side web-service application that communicates over secure HTTPS links to the Internet that is handled via XML or SOAP.
Worldpay, Inc. Formerly Vantiv is an American payment processing and technology provider. They provide online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next-generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv triPOS Express SOAP service allows you to generate either an XML or SOAP request when using the Express API. This includes; request to the Express API, request for a Credit Card Sale transaction, request for a Credit Card Sale transaction and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 Visa’s Preauhtorized Payment Cancellation Service supports the processing of customer-initiated stop payment requests for electronic funds transfers, such as installments payments, that are preauthorized. Developers use the Visa Stop Payment Order API to build apps that implement functions such as add, update, or delete a stop payment request. The API transmits requests and responses in JSON format.
 The Visa Travel Notification Service is a useful platform for preventing mistaken purchases declines attributable to traveling cardholders. The service is meant to facilitate the incorporation of cardholders’ self-reported travel plans into the VisaNet authorization message. Developers seeking to integrate the functionality for reporting travel itinerary to Visa have at their disposal the Visa Travel Notification API. The API sends requests in JSON format.
 Visa Consumer Transaction Control (CTC) affords consumers the flexibility of determining the frequency and preferences of using their cards. The CTC platform allows issuers to provide a channel through which cardholders can manage features, such as block and alerts, on their cards using their mobile banking apps or web applications. The Visa Customer Rules API supports the integration of the CTC functionality in apps. The API conveys responses and requests in JSON format.
 The Visa Funds Transfer API provides functionalities for pulling data from the Visa accounts of senders. This includes the PullFundsTransactions Resources functionality that debits funds from the Visa account of a sender while initiating the process of transferring the funds to the account of a recipient. The API completes the seamless funds transfer procedure through the Account Funding Transaction (ATF) platform.
 The Visa Get Payment Data API is a channel for accessing checkout transaction data. Its integration allows developers to facilitate access to Visa Checkout transaction in a manner that is identical to using the Visa Checkout library to access similar data. The API is particualry useful when using backend software to obtain data. Its deployment requires API key authentication. Access is restricted to approved developers.
 The Safaricom Limited M-PESA platform offers integration capabilities to create payment journeys, covering both disbursements and service payments. This includes; Automated Payment Receipt Processing, Automated Payment Disbursements, Automated Payments Reversal and more. Safaricom is a provider of converged communication solutions in Kenya.
 The MicroEdge API returns CSR data including organizations, payments, and contacts, fields required to interact with contacts. It's available with Web Token in JSON format to perform callbacks. MicroEdge provides solutions to companies and organizations for giving for social good.
 The Qualpay Platform Webhooks API enables you to: Configure a new webhook, Save the webhook_id in the response for use in future requests, Manage a webhook, Get all events for a webhook, Add an event to a webhook and includes; Add webhook, Update webhook, Get events, Add an event and more. It provides a way to browse webhooks that retrieves an array of objects with optional query parameters that determines, size and sort order of returned array. Qualpay is a web-based management portal with reconciliation reporting, to enable credit card payments within the application. It is a platform for in-person, online, mobile, mail and telephone order processing, from the same merchant account.
 The Qualpay Payment Gateway provides a way to access an approved transaction, timing of the batch that needs to be controlled by the merchant, online authorization requests received, reason code and the merchant received, an authorization from a voice or automated response system and returns success if the cardholder information was verified by the issuer that includes; Verify and Authorization, Close batch, Force transaction approval, Verify Card and more. It provides a checkout experience that allows you to process either one-time payments or payments from repeat customers, that is used to send cardholder data to the issuing bank for validation and approval. Qualpay is a web-based management portal with reconciliation reporting, to enable credit card payments within the application. It is a platform for in-person, online, mobile, mail and telephone order processing, from the same merchant account.
 The Qualpay Platform API provides a way to create a new checkout object which contains a payment link, gets an array of Plan objects with optional query parameters that determines, size and sort order of returned array, browses a paginated list of account updater requests that includes; Create a checkout payment link, Get Transient Key, Get all Recurring Plans, Get all customers, Account Updater Detail Report and more. Qualpay is a web-based management portal with reconciliation reporting, to enable credit card payments within the application. It is a platform for in-person, online, mobile, mail and telephone order processing, from the same merchant account.
 Moip is a multi-channel payment platform designed for eCommerce, direct sales, and marketplace integrations. Moip offers over 15 payment methods, fraud protection, subscriptions, and POS tools. The API follows a REST architecture, and employs OAuth 2.0 for authentication. JSON is the preferred media type. Moip is a Brazilian technology and financial management firm.
 The Spryng Payments API returns payment data associated with accounts and currencies. It is available in JSON format with API Key as the authentication method. Resources include HTTPS connections, currencies and amounts, and filtering and searching.
 The triPOS Cloud API provides resources for developers that build integrated payment applications. It allows you to create products for your merchants to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security, delivers hardware and an effortless pairing process, with a device and POS for merchant installation. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This SOAP API is Forte’s merchant web services that include the following parameters; Client, Transactions, Merchant and AGI Transaction. It allows you to create and manage client and payment method tokens, search and pull transaction information and Forte Payment pull hierarchy data. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Forte Payments Webhooks API allows you access to Forte's webhook payloads and depending on these subscriptions, multiple events can occur during an operation with examples for; Sale Transaction Webhook, Customer Webhook, and Payment Method Webhook. Forte notifies merchants about events through subscriptions and provides near-real-time notifications about the events that occur during a transaction through POSTs to a customer-defined endpoint with the following resources: Transactions, Schedules, Customers and more. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Forte Checkouts API enables you to make payments on your site with a few lines of code that includes methods for; sale, schedule, token and auth, for Visa, Mast, Amex, Dine and more. It creates a customizable JavaScript button that sits on top of your existing site with Up-to-date customer data, Advanced form field settings and more. Checkouts Pay Now button uses an HTML form POST action with a signature. When the button with coded parameters on the client side is activated, Forte servers read the parameters and populate the modal window. It includes a Forte namespaced version of jQuery that won't conflict with other client-side jQuery code. Forte’s Checkouts supported browsers are Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome and Safari. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Forte Payment Systems platform captures purchase information via swipe or key entry, processes credit card, EFT, and recurring transactions, automatically responds to your point-of-sale machine approving or denying the transaction and uploads completed transaction information to Forte’s Virtual Terminal application. It allows you to format, create, and process messages with data methods of data transmission that includes; SSL, SOAP, or RAW HTTP. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The PayUMoney API returns data of payment inquiries. Developers can make calls over HTTP with JSON format, authenticating via merchant key. Version 1 Swagger is available for download.
 The Crowdfinch Mobile Recharge API integrates prepaid, postpaid, and bill payments into business applications. It is targeted for start-ups, retailer, and distributors based in India. For API access, contact info@Crowdfinch.in and http://www.crowdfinch.in/mobile-recharge-api.php
 This Mastercard API is a consumer-initiated mobile payment solution that enables you to make convenient, secure payments for everyday purchases. It allows making cashless payments from your smartphone, by simply scanning a Masterpass QR code at any merchant location that accepts Masterpass. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more. For support, contact https://developer.mastercard.com/support
 The CMTelecom AutoCollect API returns data of scheduled payments for users. It allows them to set up a payment plan, link payment periods, and attach debtors. Available in JSON format with OAuth2.
 The CMTelecom BulkSMS API allows sending a high volume of text messages. It is available with a token as the authentication factor and XML and JSON as the formats.
 The CMTelecom One Time Passwords API allows users to be authenticated via SMS, delivering or pushing the message to verify the response. It is available with a token as the authentication factor and JSON as the format.
 The CMTelecom iDIN API enables customer identification with websites as if they were accessing their banks. JSON format available. Swagger API specification available.
 The CMTelecom Address Book API allows importing contacts in bulk for messaging, payments, and security purposes. It is available in JSON format.
 The CMTelecom Transactions API allows users to review the insight of individual messages in their accounts. It is available in JSON format with token authentication.
 The CMTelecom Voice API allows developers to write interactive voice responses. Available with HTTP basic authentication and JSON as the callback format.
 The Toast REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Toast with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service and partner approval. Toast is a restaurant management platform that offers point-of-sale (POS) and inventory solutions for restaurants.
 The Kwi API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kwi with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Kwi offers point-of-sale (POS), payment, and inventory solutions for retail businesses.
 The LivePOS API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of LivePOS with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. LivePOS offers point-of-sale (POS) platform and functionality for retail and commerce businesses.
 The Aptito REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Aptito with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here http://ags.v2.aptito.com/oauth/signup. Aptito is a point-of-sale (POS) and ordering system for restaurants and bars.
 The iConnect API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iConnect with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. iConnect is a point-of-sale (POS) provider for retail and businesses.
 The PeachWorks API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PeachWorks with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. PeachWorks is a restaurant management system that provides solutions for scheduling, point-of-sale (POS), and inventory management.
 The Doshii API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Doshii with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Doshii for API access http://www.doshii.io/contact/. Doshii provides point-of-sale (POS) solutions for hospitality businesses and applications.
 The Korona API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Korona with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Korona offers point-of-sale (POS) solutions for retail and commerce businesses.
 The Sku IQ API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Sku IQ with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Interested developers can sign up here for API access https://api.skuiq.com/. Sku IQ provides point-of-sale (POS) and other retail management tools for retail businesses.
 The HighLine API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of HighLine with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. HighLine provides point-of-sale (POS), inventory management, and CRM tools and functionality for retail and businesses.
 The InstaReM API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of InstaReM with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. InstaReM is a money transfer platform in Asia.
 The WorldPay REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WorldPay with other applications. Some example API methods include managing accounts, managing transfers, and managing orders. WorldPay is an online payment platform.
 The SimplicityPOS API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SimplicityPOS with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. SimplicityPOS offers point-of-sale (POS) features and functionality for businesses and services.
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website. It allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site, control the user experience, and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers. This includes; Coupon, FraudCheck, InvoiceItem, TransactionReview, Subscription and more. Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites, mobile apps and in-person.
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device. This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce, m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes; Hosted Checkout, Hosted Session, Direct Payment and Batch. It also includes a variety of channels such as; Web/eCommerce, Mail-order/Telephone-order, Call centre/IVR, Mobile/mCommerce, SMS, and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 The MasterCard Payment Gateway sends Webhook notifications in the format that you configure in either REST or NVP for Merchant Administration. It allows you to configure a global notification URL in Merchant Administration to receive notifications for all transaction updates at the URL. The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce, m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes; Hosted Checkout, Hosted Session, Direct Payment and Batch. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device. This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce, m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes; Hosted Checkout, Hosted Session, Direct Payment and Batch. Operations are sent to the gateway as HTTP POST operations with all arguments as name-value pairs in the HTTP body. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 Mastercard Qkr is a mobile payments platform that allows consumers to order and pay for goods and services using their smart device. It enables partners to embed merchant embedded Masterpass registration, card management and checkout flows directly into their mobile commerce apps. Generate sales reports and view real time analytics, gather and respond to consumer feedback, manage your product inventory and your customer experience. Some functions include; Pay-at-Table, Open Tab, Order ahead and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 Spend Controls enables cardholders to temporarily turn off their card or receive alerts for all, set transaction controls and alert rules based on transaction amount, transaction type, home country and more. It allows cardholders to manage their spending by setting alerts for transactions and setting decline rules based on transaction amount and transaction type. The service also provides the capability for cardholders to temporarily stop all transactions on their card while allowing recurring transactions to continue, and allows for alerts on all transactions. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website. The Webhook Objects represent HTTP endpoints that will receive callbacks after various events. The API allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site, control the user experience, and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers. This includes; Coupon, FraudCheck, InvoiceItem, TransactionReview, Subscription and more. Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites, mobile apps and in-person.
 The Payfort Master Pass API returns data of a digital wallet that stores the buyer’s credit card details and shipping addresses and information. It is available in JSON format with a token as the authentication method.
 The Payfort Bill Presentment API enables the Merchant to generate bill numbers for Customer’s orders using the FORT API. It is available in JSON format.
 The Payfort 3-D Secure Service API offers cardholders a decreased risk of other people being able to use their payment cards fraudulently on the Merchant’s site. Available in JSON format with an authentication token.
 The Payfort FORT Tokenization API enables the merchant to store the Customer’s credit card details in a safe and secure environment substituting the Customer’s sensitive card details with a non-sensitive equivalent referred to as a Token. It is available in JSON format with REST architecture.
 The Emida API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Emida with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Emida is a provider of pre-paid services, such as cards, mobile phones, airtime, data, and more.
 The Payfort Maintenance Operations API assists developers in only authorizing a certain payment amount for maintenance purposes. It is available to authenticate with a token.
 The Payfort Fraud Service API returns data that aims to protect a Merchant from being lured into a scam over the Internet and as a result, minimizes chargebacks. It is available in XML format with a token as the authentication factor.
 The Payfort Invoicing API allows a merchant to generate an invoice payment link. The Customer will be able to use this link to pay his invoices using any of the payment options that are configured for the Merchant, according to the website. Available in JSON format.
 Payfort Currency Exchange API enables the merchant to convert the transaction amount from one currency into another currency using live currency exchange rate. Available in JSON format with a token as the authentication method.
 The Payfort Merchant Page API enables merchants to accept the customer’s payments in their websites by collecting their credit card information using a PayFort inline frame (iframe). Developers can authenticate with a token to perform callbacks in JSON format.
 The Payfort Authorization and Purchase API returns data for completing a payment process. It is available with a token as authentication factor and XML format. As the website states, the Authorization operation holds an amount from the Customer’s credit card account for a period of time until the Merchant capture or voids the transaction.
 The Payfort Recurring Transaction API enables a merchant to charge Customer’s card a specific amount on regular basis using the Purchase operation configured in single message mode. It is available to authenticate via token to perform JSON calls.
 The Payfort Installments API enables a customer to pay for the total amount of an order in installments. However, the Merchant will be paid the full amount immediately as the website states. It is available to authenticate with token and XML format.
 The Payfort MOTO eCommerce API allows the merchant to perform MOTO (Mobile Order/ Telephone Order) transactions using the FORT API using credit card Tokens.
 The Payfort Trusted Channel API enables PCI Certified Merchants to collect the user’s credit card details on the Merchant’s checkout page. According to the website, the Merchants are able to process (eCommerce, Recurring, and MOTO) transactions through the FORT using clear card data and credit card tokens.
 The Payfort Redemption API enables a merchant to redeem point or monetary value in exchange for goods, services or Merchant credits. Available in JSON format.
 This API is an Open Banking standard that allows you to register an intent to retrieve account information by creating an “account request”. This registers the data “permissions”, expiration and transaction history timeframe the customer (PSU) has consented to provide to the AISP; and Subsequently retrieve account and transaction data. Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers.
 The Payment Initiation API Specification describes the flows and payloads for initiating a single immediate domestic payment. The endpoints allow a PISP to; Register an intent to setup a payment instruction, Subsequently submit the payment instruction for processing and Optionally retrieve the status of a payment setup or submission. Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers.
 The Handpoint API is a payment platform that can be used to implement sales transactions by integrating a proprietary payment terminal and a third-party application. Handpoint offers a highly secure point of sale infrastructure, and a PCI-DSS certified global payment gateway which handles online and offline PIN verification and both authorization and capture in a single message. Requests must be encoded in JSON format.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Wallets API is useful for integrating an interface for transferring funds from either a credit or debit card platform to a user account. It transmits requests and responses in JSON format.
 This Mastercard web service allows you to make commerce simple with the Masterpass Chatbot. It enables you to set up a Facebook Messenger Chatbot and connect with a Masterpass Enabled Merchant to process a payment in-chat. Quickly and easily integrate Masterpass payment technology into conversational commerce experiences that supports commerce payments in popular messaging platforms that includes; Facebook Messenger, Skype, Telegram, Slack and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for individuals and business.
 This API enables online merchants and service providers to process consumer payments through SafeCharge's payment gateway. It supports merchants of all levels of PCI certification, from their online and mobile merchant applications. SafeCharge's web service interacts with the merchant's application to manage payments, users, user payment options, payment cards, alternative payment methods and more. SafeCharge is a payment services partner for Global businesses.
payfac-in-a-box didn't extract the description
 The CM Telecom Payments API returns data of online payments, supporting iDEAL, Credit Cards, Afterpay and Bancontact methods. It is available in JSON format with OAuth1. The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem, including SMS, push, apps, payments, and voice messages. CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery.
 The CM Telecom SMS Campaign API enables developers to manage and send campaigns. It is available in JSON format with token as the authentication method. The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem, including SMS, push, apps, payments, and voice messages. CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery.
 The CM Telecom Transactions API returns data of transactions by providing individual insights via messages. It is available in JSON format with token authentication. The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem, including SMS, push, apps, payments, and voice messages. CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery.
 The CM Telecom Voice API allows writing interactive voice responses applications. It is available in JSON format with shared secret to authenticate. The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem, including SMS, push, apps, payments, and voice messages. CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery.
 The CM Telecom One Time Passwords API allows developers to generate one-time passwords, deliver them via SMS or Push and verify the response. It is available in JSON format with token as the authentication factor. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom Number Verifier API returns data to verify phone numbers including format and carrier. It is available in JSON format with token as authentication method. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom iDIN API enables customers to verify themselves with websites, using the same methods as their bank. It is available in JSON format with HTTP basic auth. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom Conversions API returns data to enable conversion details per message to CM Telecom. It is available in XML format with HTTP basic authentication. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom Authenticator API allows identifying online users by adding an extra layer of authentication in mobile phones. It is available in JSON format with a token as the authentication factor. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom AutoCollect API returns data of collected scheduled payments automatically. It is available with OAuth2 authentication method to perform callbacks. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The Payments API provides a way to send money from an authorized user’s BBVA account to any bank account, domestic or cross border. It allows third party applications to perform money transfers from a BBVA user’s account that includes the following operations: Money Transfer, Transfer Simulation, Scheduled Transfer and more. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The BBVA Compass Payments Services provides the methods available for money movement between accounts and allows you to; Initiate transfers between BBVA Compass accounts and third party accounts, Cancel and/or reverse a transfer, Check the status of an individual transfer and more. It allows you to send and receive money with secure transfer fund capabilities. BBVA Compass APIs are implemented using (HATEOAS) Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State. HATEOAS enables interaction and construction of an API flow through provided hyperlinks. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business
 The data services specifications for the PayStats API provides statistical transactions data that has been retrieved through BBVA cards or in BBVA point of sale. BBVA PayStats offers anonymized and aggregated statistical data from millions of transactions performed with any cards in BBVA POS terminals. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The Orkiv Epic Commerce Inventory API provides an easier and faster way to build commerce sites and marketplaces utilizing logic and AI to deliver personalized one-to-one experiences on any channel.
This allows for full omnichannel functionality, along with essential commerce functions, easily adapted to any website design.
Orkiv Epic Commerce Inventory utilizes the REST API with any client-side language.
go-processing's-mobile-recharge didn't extract the description
 The Beyonic REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Beyonic with other applications. Some example API methods include receiving money, sending money, and managing billing. Beyonic is a mobile money payment, billing, and collection platform.
 The Hellenic Bank Mass Payments API works efficiently and transparently, and allows you to make mass payments within Hellenic Bank as well as SEPA and SWIFT payments. Payments can be made in any valid ISO currency.
You can integrate this API in your ERP system and CRM so that customer can easily make invoice, utilities and payroll payments from a single location to multiple beneficiaries, from their web or mobile app.
Transactions are performed in a secure manner with the OAuth 2 protocol. Self-register to get started. Testing for your your app is available in Hellenic Bank’s sandbox environment. Real-time access on account activity via the Sandbox log.
Hellenic Bank offers a platform of financial APIs. Companies or developers interested in using the APIs can register and test them in a sandbox environment. The APIs' openness and modularity allow customers to experiment and innovate. The standards allow them to connect their systems very quickly. Openness to 3rd party solutions (e.g. FinTechs) enables platforms for partnerships and integrated value chains.
These APIs all you to:Partner with one of the leading and most innovative banks in CyprusUnlock new business models with our APIsSecure, reliable and scalable APIsOpen APIs available for non-customers of our bankMulti-currency money movements, authentication and account reporting all in one placeStart creating using our realistic sandbox environment and quickly test your ideas
hellenic-bank-mass-payments-in-rubles didn't extract the description
hellenic-bank-single-payment-in-rubles didn't extract the description
 The Hellenic Bank Single Payment dedicated API allows you to make multi-currency, one to one payments to accounts within Hellenic Bank, to local banks, banks in the EU via SEPA and to other international banks via SWIFT.
Transactions are performed in a secure manner with the OAuth 2 protocol. Self-register to get started. Testing for your your app is available in Hellenic Bank’s sandbox environment. Real-time access on account activity via the Sandbox log.
Hellenic Bank offers a platform of financial APIs. Companies or developers interested in using the APIs can register and test them in a sandbox environment. The APIs' openness and modularity allow customers to experiment and innovate. The standards allow them to connect their systems very quickly. Openness to 3rd party solutions (e.g. FinTechs) enables platforms for partnerships and integrated value chains.
These APIs all you to:Partner with one of the leading and most innovative banks in CyprusUnlock new business models with our APIsSecure, reliable and scalable APIsOpen APIs available for non-customers of our bankMulti-currency money movements, authentication and account reporting all in one placeStart creating using our realistic sandbox environment and quickly test your ideas
 The W3C Web Payments Google Payment Request API allows merchants to request and accept payments over a single API call with minimal integration. This API is Google's implementation of the W3C Payments Request API, an open, cross-browser standard for accepting credit cards electronically. It allows the web page to exchange information with the browser before approving or denying a payment request, while the user is providing input.
 The IMwallet Recharge API allows developers to integrate online mobile recharge services into their websites and applications. IMwallet connects to all major prepaid recharge facilities in India, including all mobile operators, DTH operators, and data card operators. They also provide domestic money transfers and bill payment services for postpaid, landline, gas, electric, water, and insurance bills. IMwallet is payment Processing wallet Company which provides Telecom Recharge and Bill Payment API. We Provide all Operator Mobile Recharge, DTH Recharge, Postpaid Recharge API and also have All State Electricity Bill API's.
 The Paydock API integrates payments into applications and web services. It is available in REST architecture with Public API Key as the authentication method and JSON format to perform callbacks. Paydock is a smart payments platform. The company is based in Sydney, Australia.
 The GoPay REST API integrates payments into applications. It uses JSON formats and OAuth 2 authentication. With the API Available in English, Slovak, and Czech languages, developers can include payments in customized gateways.
 Paylocity Web Services Push Notifications are the process of triggering an action based on the change of data within the Web Pay system. The action triggered is the sending of a JSON push notification to an external HTTPS URL that is provided by our clients. The HTTPS URL can have no authentication or basic authentication. Paylocity's recommendation is to use the basic authentication so that they can provide one more levels of security for data protection. Paylocity is a Cloud based payroll software designed for the mid-market, to simplify how you perform everyday payroll and human resources tasks using an online system.
 Paylocity Web Services API is an externally facing RESTful Internet protocol. The Paylocity API uses HTTP verbs and a RESTful endpoint structure with OAuth 2.0 used as the API authorization framework. Request and response payloads are formatted as JSON and include; Earnings, Deduction, Employee and more. Paylocity is a Cloud based payroll software designed for the mid-market, to simplify how you perform everyday payroll and human resources tasks using an online system.
 The Cielo API is a payment processing platform based in Brazil that supports debit and credit card payments, wire transfers, bank slip payments, recurrent payments and digital wallets. Data is returned in JSON format. Cielo provides wireless machines for onsite payments, mobile card reader and the Cielo LIO (business-targeted payment and management machine). With monitored transactions, Cielo is the leading sales platform in Latin America.
 bunq, banking as a service with a full EU banking license. The bunq API offers access to all our banking products and brings the integration of payment interfaces, accounts, MasterCards, shared accounts and everything else you expect from an innovative bank in the 21st century.
The RESTful API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format.
 Unified APIs for inventory, carts, the checkout process, payments and more, so you can focus on creating seamless customer experiences at any scale.
Moltin is a SaaS cloud based eCommerce platform for developers. Moltin provides decoupled components to create customized solutions for websites, mobile and desktop applications, as well as powering physical retail stores through point-of-sale and stock management systems.
Core components of the API include, inventory management (products & variations, categories, collections, brands), carts, orders, customers, addresses, checkout and payment gateways. As a developer you can choose which of these components to use in your project and create completely unique checkout flows without the limitations found in existing e-commerce solutions.
You can use Moltin anywhere to do any kind of commerce you or your client wants in any programming language.
Having one centralized cloud based e-commerce platform allows you to have multiple store fronts across a range of devices. This even allows you to switch out and/or upgrade your front end technology without having to completely migrate between systems.
 The PayPal Button Manager API allows developers to create, manage, and edit a large number of PayPal Payments Standard buttons without having to touch HTML code. This API is available for both NVP and SOAP. It covers all buttons that can be created in a PayPal Profile. This API is available in every country that accepts PayPal.
 The ePayco API implements a payment system that returns JSON calls related to credit cards, bank transactions, and Efecty (international) payments. The API supports OnPage checkout, standard checkout, and split payments. ePayco is a Colombian payment processing platform focused on the LATAM market. ePayco charges on a per transaction basis.
 Trexle is a RESTful API service that connects e-commerce shopping carts to +100 payments gateways. It is available with API Key. Developers can use the interface to integrate transactions and customers' data into payments applications.
 The PayPal Billing Agreements API retrieves data related to an agreement. It can create an agreement, update an agreement, show agreement details, and cancel agreements. It is available with REST architecture in JSON body. The example available presents how to create a PayPal payment agreement that overrides merchant preferences and shipping fee and tax information.
 The PayPal Billing Plans API allows creating subscriptions and recurring payments for goods and services. It is available in REST architecture with JSON callbacks. With Billing Plans, developers can create and update plans according to merchant's preferences.
 The TransferWise Payouts API provides domestic and international business payouts in more than 40 currencies. There are no setup fees, and funds are converted at the mid-market exchange rate. This API is available to businesses registered in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man, Jersey, Guernsey, EEA countries (EU, Iceland, Liechtestein, Norway), Switzerland, Pakistan, India, and the Philippines.
 The Noodlio Pay API simplifies the integration of payments acceptance portals in websites and apps. Its RESTful architecture allows apps to initiate instant API requests for validating input data and applying charges on purchases made on a website. The API uses Stripe to expedite the instantaneous transfer of funds to destination accounts. It sends requests in JSON or HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format.
 The Payfort REST API integrates payments into merchant applications in the Middle East. JSON formats are available to perform callbacks that display amount, customer, language, payment and signature in return.
 The Mollie Refunds API integrates refunds for a payment profile with API Key or for an organization with OAuth. JSON formats are available to perform callbacks that include amount, description, and metadata as methods.
 The Mollie Subscriptions API integrates the subscription of users to automatically deduct from the Mollie balance. Developers can refer to the example available with requests and responses in JSON format.
 The Yodlee eBills REST API allows developers to access and integrate the eBills functionality with other applications. The Yodlee eBills API opens up online bill paying capabilities to offer customers the opportunity to pay bills online with electronic or paper check payments. Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses.
 The Standard Chartered API provides access to corporate banking services such as payments, balances and reference data. It returns the various types of “Account Balances” applicable for the specified Account Number, Account Detail and Balance as well as finds all support transaction types for a given account. This includes; Accounts, Bank Code Inquiry, Holiday Calendar Inquiry and more. Standard Chartered is an international banking group, committed to building a sustainable business that provides a wide-range of products and services for personal and business customers across 71 countries.
iban-swift/bic-validation didn't extract the description
 PandaPay offers a donation platform that features integrated payment gateway, ACH processing, crowdfunding support, and PCI-DSS compliance. The PandaPay API uses POST for donation objects, customer objects, and grant objects. API Keys are required for authentication, and JSON is used for data exchange. PandaPay charges 1% of all donations as main fee. Also, 2.9% + 30¢ per donation for credit and debit transactions, and 25¢ per donation for ACH transfers. However, discounts are available for high-volume platforms, and for public charities using the API.
 Ubivar offers fraud detection and financial risk tools that help eMerchants in detecting and verifying payments. Ubivar features self-learning risk score, blacklist update automation, and multiple payment feeds. The API allows to request data in bulk, and can be used to list transactions, accounts, and login times. The Ubivar API is REST based, and returns JSON data.
 The Payoneer REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Payoneer with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://www.payoneer.com/en/products/integrated-payments-api/. Payoneer is an online payment platform that allows companies to pay and receive payments cross borders and sell things in local currencies.
 Payment Rails is the next-generation API-first payouts platform that enables businesses to send payments to any individual or company in over 220 countries, in any currency and to any payment method. Through its powerful API businesses can access Payment Rails’ global banking, international ACH, faster payment systems and real-time networks, on a pay-as-you-go basis with no setup costs.
Payment Rails simplifies global mass payouts for online marketplaces, on-demand and share economy platforms, ad networks, affiliate platforms, app stores, and growing businesses with international payout needs.
 The OpenFinTech API integrates financial data into commercial applications. It is available in REST architecture with JSON formats.
Developers can use the open database to create applications with companies, currencies, banks, and payment features. OpenFinTech.io helps financial companies communicate in one language.
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based solution that supports the validation and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers (IBAN). The platform provides access to the Reverse SORT code – that is, a web-based real-time interface for identifying and validating SORT codes. The IBAN Sort Code Validation API simplifies the deployment of the SORT code verification functionality through add-on modules. Simple calls are sufficient for developers to access and integrate the SORT code functionality in the applications. This API returns responses in JSON and XML formats.
 The MasterCard Digital Enablement Service (MDES) is a data interchange platform for generating and managing secure digital payment tokens. The MasterCard MDES Customer Service API allows developers to deploy B2B resources that support the implementation of problem resolution portals for consumer generated queries regarding the usage of digital cards. It features functionalities that allow issuers to resolve issues of digitization, transaction processing, and lifecycle events associated with tokenized queries from consumers.
The scope of this API is restricted to B2B deployment; its provider cautions against deploying the API in B2C applications. Moreover, the API’s design restricts its processing capabilities to single token enquiries channeled by issuer customer care representatives rather than high volume token batches.
 The Aplazame API offers tools for integrating instant financial capabilities with existing eCommerce applications. The platform simplifies financial methods by connecting a checkout environment with a credit payment solution. The API offers data in JSON format, and supports GET requests. Aplazame is a Madrid based financial company that improves conversion rates and sales.
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based portal for real-time identification, validation, and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers (IBAN). This platform uses algorithmic formulas to determine the validity of an IBAN. The IBAN Validation API allows user to query the existence and validity of IBANs using check digits. It provides access to many other features including the validation of domestic bank code, IBAN issuer, and country-specific IBAN length, code, and structure as well as the issuing bank’s address. Developers can use simple HTTP GET or POST requests to initiate the automation of IBAN validation processes. The API supports JSON and XML-formatted requests and responses.
 The Microsoft Payment Request API is supported by Microsoft Edge and allows users to interact with a payment request UI, update a payment request, complete a purchase, and abort a payment request. Some of the information in the API's documentation refers to the pre-release product, which may change significantly prior to commercial release.
mastercard-fraud-scoring-for-merchants didn't extract the description
 The MasterCard Digital Enablement Service (MDES) is a data interchange platform for generating and managing secure digital payment tokens. The MasterCard MDES Pre-Digitization API supports the transmission of MDES-supported web requests and responses between card issuers and cardholders. Its integration allows MDES Issuers to return JSON-formatted responses to requests submitted by, or on half of, cardholders.
 The PayTM API integrates payments features into mobile e-commerce applications. It is available with JSON formats to verify and manage transactions, refunds, 2FA. PayTM is an e-commerce company based in India that processes mobile payments of electronics, men's and women's apparel, home and kitchen items, cars and bikes equipment, musical instruments, and books, music, and movies.
 The TM Forum Prepay Balance Management API supports the development of access, top-up, and fund transfer functionalities for prepaid accounts. It allows operators to create portals through which subscribers can access account balances or recharge accounts in addition to performing other transactions such as transferring funds to other user accounts. This API is still a beta release. It sends requests in URI Query/CRUD format and returns responses in JSON format.
 The MXMerchant API available by invite code can integrate payments into merchant applications, aiming to simplify inventory, rewards, and order management with a dashboards' view. The REST interface is available with HTTP requests to receive JSON and XML formats, authenticating with basic HTTP. Sandbox and cURL examples are accessible for developers interested in practicing before moving to production.
 The Telleroo API disburses funds through bank transfers to an application. It is available with Swagger framework and JSON formats to implement transfers, payments, and funds. Token is required to authenticate.
 The EquityBank Transactions API integrates payment into banking applications. With JSON as formar and token as authentication, developers can purchase airtime, transfer money, get payment status, and create merchant payments.
 The SellerCloud API supports the development of web-based ordering and inventory management apps. Developers can also use the API to integrate the SellerCloud platform to their third-party applications such as ordering, shipping, purchasing, catalog, and inventory applications. This API is readily compatible with third-party application because it operates on a SOAP-based web service.
 The SlimPay REST API can process payments over HTTP, returning responses in JSON and HAL formats. Features include Mandate Signature, Direct Debit, and Card Payment. SlimPay provides payments for subscriptions using a recurring payment solution.
 This API allows you to get crypto tokens without a manual transaction sent from your wallet. It is a forwarding service that allows you to make a single transaction and receive an email notification when your entire distribution list has received their tokens. Tokenly gives acces to Tokens, a digital representation of exchange for trading cards, songs, movies, games, loyalty points, memberships and more.
 The Mondido Payments API allows developers to integrate online payments into their websites and mobile applications. Mondido Payments is a Swedish online payment system that accepts a variety of payment methods, including PayPal, MasterPass, invoice, Swish (a Swedish e-commerce payment system), direct bank payments, Visa, MasterCard, and other cards, such as Amex and Dankort. It can handle both one-time and recurring payments.
 The Paystack REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Paystack with other applications. Some example API methods include managing customers, managing payments, and managing transactions. Paystack is an online payments platform that allows users to accept one-time and recurring payments online and via mobile.
 The Paylike API allows developers to accept payments online using Visa or MasterCard. Paylike is an online payment service that works with any screen or device, including mobile devices and tablets. Paylike can handle both single and recurring transactions in 47 currencies. Paylike provides payment links, a virtual POS, and a complete test environment for integration.
 The Blackbaud SKY API provides customers and partners access to open, industry-standard REST APIs allowing them to customize, integrate or extend functionality of Blackbaud solutions for fundraising and relationship management, digital marketing, advocacy, accounting, payments, analytics, school management, grant management, corporate social responsibility, and volunteerism.
Blackbaud has been serving the social good industry for more than three decades andis the world's leading cloud software company powering social good. Serving the entire social good community—nonprofits, foundations, corporations, education institutions, and individual change agents—Blackbaud connects and empowers organizations to increase their impact through software, services, expertise, and data intelligence.
 The Square Register iOS API mediates communication between iOS apps and Square’s payments processing apps. The API’s provider is the vendor of Square payments processing hardware that include the Square contactless and chip reader. Developers can choose between the Android and iOS versions of the Square Register API, although the Android option provides access to only native apps while the iOS option provides access to both web and native apps. The API that requires OAuth 2.0 authorization transmits requests and responses in HTTP and JSON formats.
 The InvoiceNinja API integrates invoicing and emailing into web services, providing clientID, page, and serializer as optional methods. JSON format is available for callbacks with PHP SDK as an API facilitator.
 The ProcessOut REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ProcessOut with other applications. The main API methods revolve around accepting and processing payments. Other API methods include managing recurring payments and subscriptions and issuing refunds. ProcessOut offers international payment and subscription solutions for online payments.
 The Orange Money Web Payment API boosts e-commerce in Africa by offering users services to accept online payments. With this API, Orange Money merchants can benefit from other services for web payment as well, such as tax collection, school fees, donations, and more. This API can be easily integrated. Access to the Orange Money Web Payment API must be requested by applying at: https://partner.orange.com/apply-orange-money/. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 The Orange Direct Carrier Billing Europe API provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue across Europe. This API can be integrated easily into the payment process, and is for digital goods or services for micro-payments. Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Europe API must be requested by filling out the form at: https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-billing/. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 Orange Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue in Africa and the Middle-East. This API can be integrated easily into the payment process. Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East API must be requested by filling out the form at: https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-carrier-billing-in-mea/. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 The CMS Quality Payment Submissions API is a RESTful service that enables submissions and real-time performance scoring of Quality Payment Program (QPP) data. API responses can be returned in JSON or XML, including errors.
 The CMS Quality Payment Advancing Care Information API allows developers to get a list of all measures for the Advancing Care Information category, which is one of four performance categories in the Quality Payment Program. It is replacing the Meaningful Use program that currently exists. This API supports the Quality Payment Program provided by the CMS (Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services).
 The CMS Quality Payment Improvement Activities API allows developers to get a complete list of Improvement Activities, one of the four performance categories for the Quality Payment Program. This API requires no input and returns a full list of improvement activities. This API supports the Quality Payment Program provided by the CMS (Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services).
 The Ooyala Ecommerce API operates as a payments platform for Ooyala’s Revenue Builder project. It allows developers to simplify the processing of payments and allocation of entitlements to users. It processes and validates payments using a custom billing vendor, in addition to managing product catalogues and handling entitlements using the Vindicia Cashbox and Ooyala Rights Locker, respectively. The Ooyala Ecommerce API conveys JSON-formatted requests and responses.
 Pay.nl is a Netherlands based payment processing firm that assembles different payment options into one platform. Pay.nl offers several features such as 2-way processing, multiple bank accounts, in-store payments, and SMS solutions for chat and subscriptions. The Pay.nl API provides over 250 functions related to payment processing. Registration is required to access documentation. Web content in Dutch language. Technical support available by email at support@pay.nl
 The CMSOnline API in agreement with USAePay Solutions, integrate merchant payments into applications. Developers can access a SOAP interface with libraries in PHP, JavaScript, ColdFusion, Ruby, .NET, and Perl, requesting HTTP GET calls to receive XML responses in return.
 The Lime Light CRM API integrates customer memberships into applications. It aims to automate selling processes, by providing JSON protocols using HTTPS POST as request format. Developers can use Lime Light to target direct response advertiser interested in marketing strategies integrations.
 The PayEx API can access user account information and initiate functionality for payment purposes. Based in the Scandinavian region, developers can benefit from the technical reference that includes XML parser for orders, merchants, purchases, and verifications.
Editors' note: There is one WSDL file per API resource. This profile only connects to one of those files. Be sure to look for the others on the provider's developer portal.
 The Domain Connect PayTM API provides a protocol to connect service providers such as PayTM with domain name services. The API allows developers to configure PayTM features with domain names and services. The Domain Connect protocol was developed by GoDaddy to serve as an open standard protocol to help developers and users bridge features from service providers with domain name providers.
india-goods-and-service-tax-(gst) didn't extract the description
 The Ingo Money Push Pay API integrates payments into applications, providing pre-printed payroll, government checks, and mobile check deposits. For additional information about authentication, requests, and responses, ask for help@ingomoney.com
 The Funkbit Splitabill API allows users to monitor and share bill expenses. Developers can use any of the programming languages, such as Java, Python, JavaScrip, and Ruby, to integrate the RESTful API into payment applications. This API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format. The current version of the API is a beta release.
 The CardConnect API integrates payments into transactional web services. It is available in REST architecture with HTTP verbs, CURD functions, and JSON responses. In addition, it provides endpoints to authorize, capture, void, and inquire funds.
 This API has anti-fraud capability that allows merchants to submit additional data with an authorization request. Risk-decisioning helps to decrease fraud, improve approval rates, and reduce the cost of doing business by providing a mechanism to increase the level of fraud detection during the authorization process. Merchants submit the available information before processing the authorization. American Express is a global service company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that build business.
 AFEX API is designed for businesses that want to make frequent payments. By accessing our Payment Engine via our API, it allows customers to automate their end-to-end payment processes and rapidly deliver tailor-made solutions for our customers’ business directly. Payments are sent through AFEX’s intermediary banks, payment channels and are bound by applicable laws, regulations, clearing house rules or payment processing procedures.
 Particeep offers integration with a financial and banking platform that supports data collection and analysis, virtual wallet with online payments, data flow aggregation, chat, and document management. The Particeep API supports fundraiser management, payments, newsfeed, and subscriptions. Additionally Particeep offers a webhook based event notification system. This API is REST based, and uses JSON for responses.
 The Sage Direct API brings Sage Payments to a whole new level with its full suite of products and services. Using this API, developers can integrate healthcare, retail, e-commerce, and more with the Sage Direct features. Sage Payment Solutions is a full service payment provider, offered through Sage, providing services for businesses and human resource professionals.
 This API allows you to; purchase products on the MTX platform, supports purchasing products managed by an external catalog system and purchasing products managed by the MTX platform with one-click checkout or shopping cart checkout. This includes; Offerless Checkout, One Click Direct Checkout and Cart Checkout. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API provides the functionality to create and organize products for purchase and allows creating one or more categories. A category can be used to group similar product offers and includes; Category Import, Get Property, Get Offer and more. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API is used with a funds transfer to/from a Visa payment account to determine key characteristics of a recipient card before initiating the transfer like country, card-type, block status and more. It has been enhanced to query PullFundsTransactions(AFT) and PushFundsTransactions(OCT) eligibility (both domestic and cross-border) for multiple U.S. debit networks. This includes Attributes Inquiry and Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry. The two APIs take the primary account number as an input and return a variety of attributes associated with the payment account. This allows you to access both general attributes of the account and specific attributes that are needed to use a payment account as part of a funds transfer.
 Omise is a provider of intermediary financial and payments services. The Omise Webhooks API allows developers to integrate secure payments portals in web and mobile apps. Users can use the RESTful API to add payments option in websites for purposes of optimizing revenue receipts and automating payouts. The API consists of fortified security features that enhance the safety of card transactions. This API transmits JSON-formatted requests and responses.
 Amazon Gift Codes may be used to incentivize customers and employees or disburse payments. The Amazon Incentives API supports the requisition and distribution of the Amazon Gift Codes. Recipients can instantly redeem and use their rewards to shop on the Amazon. Developers can also use the different functional and automation features of the API to streamline inventory management and enhance operational efficiency. The API’s documentation is accessible upon signing up for an account through a link provided at its portal homepage. The signup is a simple registration process that allows developers to access administrative and technical support from the Amazon Incentives team.
 This API can pull funds from the sender's Visa account in an Account Funding Transaction (AFT). It also provides functionality to push funds to the recipient's Visa account in an Original Credit Transaction (OCT). If a transaction is declined, the Funds Transfer API can also return the funds to the sender's funding source in an Account Funding Transaction Reversal (AFTR). Visa Direct allows you to push payments to eligible Visa accounts, fund transfers from a variety of sources and the ability to use APIs inside ATM’s, mobile, web, and in-branch applications. It is a payment service that lets people "push" money to over 1 billion Visa accounts through the Original Credit Transaction (OCT). Visa Direct consumer and business applications include: Money Transfer, Prepaid Load, Credit Card Bill Pay and Funds Disbursements.
amazon-in-app-purchasing didn't extract the description
payu|express didn't extract the description
 This API creates a PayU new payment after placing an appropriate form on your website, which will redirect the customer to the PayU NewPayment procedure. It is advised to use the POST method if possible, however, the GET method is also available. PayU is a Naspers-owned online and mobile payments company.
 The Satispay InStore API adds a new payment method in a store's cash register. This API is REST based, uses JSON for requests, and API Keys for authentication. For pricing, Satispay charges a flat rate of €0.20 for transactions above €10. Satispay is an online payment platform based in Milan that offers in-store payments, custom payment links, and e-commerce support.
 The Satispay Online API adds a dedicated payment method in third party applications or websites. This API is REST based, uses JSON for requests, and API Keys for authentication. For pricing, Satispay charges a flat rate of €0.20 for transactions above €10. Satispay is an online payment platform based in Milan that offers in-store payments, custom payment links, and e-commerce support.
 This API for Merchantware services is split up among various domains and includes the following list of the various units composing: overview, credit transactions, vault transactions, EBT transactions, gift card transactions, LevelUp Transactions and more. Cayan is a provider of payment technologies and merchant account services.
 The Cayan Genius Transaction Processing API allows you to integrate payments into your shopping cart with Authorize.Net. It provides a way for a business to collect payment information and run transactions through the Virtual Terminal. This includes Genius Certification Script, Implementation Review Outline, EMV Response message field and value documentation and more. Cayan is a leading provider of payment technologies and merchant account services.
Please note that you must contact the Certification team if you intend to use HTTPS to make requests. For greater details on network configuration, see the FAQ article "How should my network be configured to work with Cayan's services".
 This API allows you to display line item level data on the Genius CED. Cayan provides a way for business to collect payment information and run transactions through the Virtual Terminal. This includes; Genius Certification Script, Implementation Review Outline, EMV Response message field and value documentation and more. Cayan is a provider of payment technologies and merchant account services.
 This API allows you to create your own booking interface from the simplest widget to a multifunctional application, with functionality customized according to your specific business. Simplybook uses the JSON-RPC 2.0 protocol and returns employees, locations and more. Simplybook.me is a booking system for service providers including; dentists, medical services, hair & beauty salons, repair services, event planners, rental agencies, educational services and more.
 The Aptexx Mobile Payments API provides developers a simple, mobile-optimized PCI-compliant payment processing system right out of the box. With this API, customers are given more payment options. Aptexx is a mobile payment and messaging service that works to empower property managers and residents with their services.
 The GoldStar Trust Crowdpay API integrates payments into applications. It is targeted to investors interested in crowdfunding offerings. Available in JSON architecture with token as authentication.
 The W3C Web Payments HTTP API allows developers to register payment applications, create payment requests, and reply with payment responses. It allows web applications to initiate payments for products or services by serving an HTTP 402 Payment Required response along with sufficient data to start and complete the payment flow.
 The SPiD API integrates payments into applications, mainly located in Europe. Available with OAuth2 authentication, HTTP requests, and JSON responses.
 uCommerce built in .NET, is available as an 80/20 API with libraries and context classes. It integrates eCommerce features such as order, catalog, transaction, search, and marketing.
 This Javascript API allows you to access SimplePay, which can be used to create several types of payments for ecommerce. It has a custom integration that includes credit card and more. SimplePay's Gateway is an embeddable payment form for desktop and mobile devices.
 The NETELLER API supports the secure management and processing of online payments. The API’s RESTful orientation facilitates the deployment of resource-based URIs, effectively affording developers to simple implementation. Developers can use the endpoint for its sandbox environment to test the APIs integration prior to switching to its endpoint for live production. The API’s authentication and accessibility requires valid OAUTH2 token that must be supplied with each request. Its access token is obtainable from the NETELLER OAUTH2 endpoint. The proprietary API is a full release that is accompanies by sufficient documentation.
 The Captcha Coin API allows developers to integrate Bitcoin wallet and Bitcoin pay captcha services into their websites and applications. A pay captcha is an alternative form of captcha that accepts payments and can be used to secure content and services for paid access. Both the wallet and captcha services are provided for free.
 This API manages all of your interactions with credit card processors, financial institutions and alternative payment providers. Examples are available in ASP and PHP. Connect works in PayOnly mode, collects a minimum set of information for the transaction. PayPlus Mode, the gateway also collects a full set of billing information and FullPay Mode, collects all available information including; billing, shipping and more. AIB Merchant Services is a provider of payment solutions, with operations in Ireland and Britain, and with card processing capabilities throughout continental Europe.
 This SAOP API provides access to a central location where you can manage everything related to transaction processing with Authipay. Run secure transactions yourself, set up your web site to run transactions for you, review transaction reports and more. Languages available in English, Dutch, French, German, Italian and Portuguese. AIB Merchant Services is a provider of payment solutions, with operations in Ireland and Britain, and with card processing capabilities throughout continental Europe.
 This SOAP API allows you to connect your application with the First Data Internet Payment Gateway. The AIB Authipay API offers you a way to accept online payments using 3D Secure, a payments industry authentication standard for internet/eCommerce purchases. AIB Merchant Services is a provider of payment solutions, with operations in Ireland and Britain, and with card processing capabilities throughout continental Europe.
 This API enables the user to run transactions in a credit card present (CP) or credit card not present (CNP) environment using Worldpay. Functionality includes customer management tools for managing payment accounts and the ability to enable recurring billing to automatically bill customers at specified intervals. Worldpay is a partner in payments processing that helps businesses accept all payment types in-person, online and on-the-go.
 The Flutterwave API is a new payment solution that allows anyone in Africa to accept payments - essentially Paypal for Africa. Available in JSON architecture with secure HTTPS protocol.
 The Cloud Elements Payments Hub API provides developers with integrated access to leading cloud-based online payment and subscription billing services such as Chargebee, Stripe, Chargify, and Expensify. This allows developers to use uniform API calls to manage their customers, subscriptions, and transactions across multiple cloud payment services.
 The PayPlug API integrates payments into websites. It allows to notify customers about new refunds. Requests and responses are available in JSON format with API Key authentication.
 The Ingenico Server API allows developers to access payments, payouts, products, product groups, refunds, risk assessments, and more from their own applications. Ingenico ePayments is an online payment processing and data analytics service that allows users to handle online payments as well as make sense of the data associated with them.
 The Ingenico Client API allows developers to integrate Ingenico ePayments hosted data into their mobile phones, browsers, and apps. These API calls require a session ID that can be created using the Ingenico Server API. Ingenico ePayments is an online payment processing and data analytics service that allows users to handle online payments as well as make sense of the data associated with them.
 KYC SiteScan allows developers to automate the Know Your Customer, and Know Your Vendor data collection and reporting processes. The product was developed to meet the needs of the payments industry and adheres closely to the KYC and underwriting requirements specified by the Electronic Transactions Association (ETA) merchant underwriting guidelines. The API offers customer enrollment, underwriting, and compliance automation methods. KYC SiteScan offers an intelligent crawl of a prospect's web presence that searches for prohibited and required content. KYC SiteScan also gathers information from many government and consumer sources to help clients such as merchant processors, banks, and companies who need to perform due diligence on their business customers an automated way to do so.
 The Align Commerce API integrates payments via email. Developers can access with OAuth2 to make HTTP requests. Actions include issuing an access token, create new products, and list merchant invoices. Align Commerce is an ecommerce payment service provider (PSP).
 You can use the SatoshiPay API to make digital goods like articles, images, video/audio and downloadable files available for purchase using the SatoshiPay widget. SatoshiPay is a nanopayment / bitcoin payment platform for web content.
 The Incomm Agent Solutions QPay API integrates the Incomm Agent Solutions payments processing interface into the point-of-sale (POS) transactional platforms of authorized vendors. The API is a full release that is accompanied by its latest documentation version.
 The BINFind API determines the bank, type, and country of an issued card using it's first 6 digits (BIN number). Available in JSON and XML formats with GET and URL as API usage.
 Payment Savvy is a payment processing provider that offers ACH, credit card support, and online payment gateway. Additionally, it supports chargeback protection, recurring billing, and pay by texting. The Payment Savvy API integrates this platform with third party applications, and offers low rates and free payment processing using a convenience fee model.
 Alternative Payments is an eCommerce payment provider based in California which features a Smart Button that automatically displays the consumer's local payment solutions. This platform offers direct debit, bank transfer, and credit transfer options. The Alternative Payments REST API offers integration with a real time payment acceptance method. JSON is used for data exchange, and HTTP Basic Auth for authentication.
 MONEI is a payment gateway focused on the European market, and offers an AWS EC2 PCI compliant infrastructure. Prices are per transaction, and differ if the card used is European or non European. Additionally, customized pricing is available if transactions sum up to over €100,000 a month. MONEI offers its REST API which facilitates integration with MONEI's platform, and frontend widgets. JSON is used for data exchange, and HTTP Basic Auth for authentication.
 The Bucky Box API simplifies the integration of shopping carts for third-party sites. Users can also embed it as a turnkey system for channeling new customers along with new orders into the Bucky Box ecommerce platform for food distribution. The API is a full release and well documented version that requires authorized access through an API Key. Developers must contact the API provider to access the instructions for purchasing API Keys.
 ChargeIO is an Austin based payment processing platform for ACH and credit card payments. The Merchant API is used to access and edit merchant and accounts information, and it allows accepting and refunding payments to bank accounts and cards. Additionally, secure storage and customer information retrieval are supported. This API uses JSON for data exchange, and Tokens for authentication.
 The Flipkart Books Category Feed API allows users to add a feed of top selling Flipkart books affiliate links to applications to help monetize apps. Flipkart is an online shopping portal based in India for clothing, furniture, electronics, books, and sporting goods.
 The Allmyles Double Clutch Payment API intends to provide online players to integrate bookable travel content to your web or native application as well as allows your audience to purchase travel services without any travel industry specific legal and technical prerequisites.
 The RavelinAPI is a real-time fraud detection and prevention solution for web-based payment platforms. It must be integrated through a three-phase procedure that begins with events and followed by backfill and banning, respectively. The events interface sends real time data Ravelin while the backfill interface tracks users’ historical data to aid tailoring of service delivery to customer-specific profiles. Banning, on the other hand, enables the blacklisting and blocking of transactions from suspicious customers. The fraud detection API transmits requests and responses in JSON format. It is currently a full release that comes with detailed documentation.
 The Digitzs REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Digitzs with other applications. Some example API methods include managing merchants, managing and accepting payments, and managing customers. Digitzs provides payment processing tools for applications and platforms so users can accept payments in applications and on platforms.
 The ChartMogul Metrics API integrates metrics into applications and web services. It is available in JSON protocol with secure HTTPS. Authentication is required via account token and secret key. ChartMogul is a subscription revenue analytics platform that integrates with Stripe, Braintree, Recurly and Chargify and others.
 The ChartMogul Enrichment API integrates enrichment features into applications and web services. It is available in JSON protocol with secure HTTPS. Authentication is required via account token and secret key. ChartMogul is a subscription revenue analytics platform that integrates with Stripe, Braintree, Recurly and Chargify and others.
 The ChartMogul Import API integrates data sources, customers, plans, and invoices into business applications. It is available in JSON protocol with secure HTTPS. Authentication is required via account token and secret key. ChartMogul is a subscription revenue analytics platform that integrates with Stripe, Braintree, Recurly and Chargify and others.
 The Payleven Point Pay API integrates payments into web services and mobile applications. It provides multi-channel developer support and EMV/PCI certified bluetooth card reader. Contact Sign up to receive API Key at https://service.payleven.com/uk/developer?product=pointpay
 The Square Register Android API mediates communication between Android apps and Square’s payments processing apps. The API’s provider is the vendor of Square payments processing hardware that include the Square contactless and chip reader. Developers can choose between the Android and iOS versions of the Square Register API, although the Android option provides access to only native apps while the iOS option provides access to both web and native apps. The API that requires OAuth 2.0 authorization transmits requests and responses in HTTP and JSON formats.
 The W3C Payment Request API integrates payment methods into merchants' applications. Callbacks are available via JSON and token and system-level are required to authenticate.
 The Transpay Mass Payout API allows developers to integrate straight-through processing for payouts into their applications. The API can process and distribute funds in real time in the recipient's local currency, without the need for intermediaries or the SWIFT wire network. Transpay can deliver payouts via direct-to-bank transfers or to one of 250,000+ pickup locations.
 FitPay offers payment processing enabled by user biometric information. Consumers will not be required to carry cash, credit cards or even a smartphone when integrating this API. This payment platform works by authenticating with unique biometric patterns by using wearables, and features PCI Level 1 compliant encryption, and true touch-free payments. Developers need to register in order to access API documentation.
 The CURO Payments API allows merchants to integrate payment functions into their own online shops and services. CURO Payments is a company regulated by the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) that specializes in handling financial transactions between customers and online retailers. They also provide services to companies involved in online payments and e-commerce. The CURO Payments website is offered in both Dutch and English.
 The Payment Gateway API by Helcim connects businesses in Canada and the USA with credit card processing services. Accept online payments in the form of Interac Visa, Interac Debit, Visa, American Express, MasterCard, Discover Network, Union Pay and other popular forms of payment. Helcim is a credit card transactional service based in Calgary, Canada.
 Bitwage is an international payroll service that can deliver wages in digital or local currency. For individual wages, it offers Bitcoin payments, bank wire transfers, money savings in currency or commodities, and a refillable debit card. For team wages, it offers the mentioned services plus an API. The Bitwage API can be used to deliver international freelancer payments. This API exchanges data in JSON format, and uses API Keys for authentication.
 The Avaza API Allows programmable access to contacts, projects, tasks, invoices, and taxes. It is available in JSON and REST protocol with OAuth2 authentication. Avaza provides project management, invoicing, and other services to organize client-focused businesses.
 The PayTraq API allows developers to programmatically access their clients, suppliers, employees, items, warehousing, sales, purchases, inventory moves, payments, and accounting from a single interface. PayTraq is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) service for business owners, organizers, and accountants. They provide a cloud-based business suite that includes accounting and bookkeeping services.
 NuaPay API allows merchants to collect payments using the SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) Direct Debit payment method and to integrate this payment method into their systems. To implement, add the Mandate and the Direct Debit Schedule. Protocols available in HTTP, JSON, and REST. Access with authentication via basic authentication, Key, and OAuth2.
 Noble Web Studio is a web development agency. Their Recharge Solution allows both B2B and B2C recharge services. The Noble Recharge API integrates payments into applications in JSON format. Recharge services aim to make the profit with the implementation of electricity, gas, and energy billing.
 North American Bancard (NAB) is a payment processing platform designed to be developer friendly. This platform offers multi currency support, recurrent billing, virtual terminal, Apple Pay support, and fraud prevention. The Velocity API is used for full integration with Velocity Managed Commerce Services Platform which offers eCommerce, Mobile, and Back Office payment support. This API can be integrated by using REST or SOAP protocols, uses Tokens for authentication, and returns data in JSON or XML formats.
 MultiWebPay is a payment service provider that offers multiple payment solutions for websites or applications. Payment methods include PayPal, Debit Cards, Bitcoin, Payza, Wire Transfers, Credit Cards and many more. MultiWebPay demonstrates how to integrate payments into merchant applications on the main API guide site. API methods include donation, subscription, price, values, and payment forms.
 CoinSecure is an API that aims to provide developers with a secure way to facilitate transactions with Bitcoin. The API intends to offer features such as security, trade free exchanges, and platform support.
 The Square Connect API is a money management tool for developers that allows for the management of transactions, sales, reporting and inventory. Square offers multiple APIs that all aim to provide snycing capabilities, sales reporting, and employee management for iOS platforms.
 The Omise API integrates payments and refunds features into mobile applications. Developers can implement by working with REST format and authenticate with token. Omise provides guides to interact with cards, transfers, and banks. Omise is a payment service for Southeast Asia, based in Thailand.
 The JusPay API integrates payments into mobile applications. Protocols include JSON and REST. Developers can authenticate with Key. JusPay is a mobile payments company whose featured products include a payments browser, a checkout application and instant Buy services.
 The GCX.io API allows developers to integrate the ability to invest, trade, or pay with gold into their websites and applications. GCX allows users to possess "digital gold" that is fully backed by LBMA-approved physical gold. Users' gold holdings are auditable against physical bullion reserves held by Brinks at their facility in London, Heathrow.
 CommerceJS is a powerful, cross device eCommerce API for developers and designers. CommerceJS allows developers to rapidly integrate checkout and product display functions into their own websites and applications. CommerceJS is powered by Chec, a service designed to make it easier for people to sell physical products, digital goods, and services online. Core features of the API include; built in fulfillment, tax support, fraud protection, payment gateways, order management, checkouts and helper functions.
As a developer or designer you no longer need to compromise the design and functionality of your eCommerce solution as CommerceJS fits around your design and code. Choose to only enable the features and functionality you need for your project and rapidly implement the solution. As we are a cloud based service, once you're done with development you can hand off the project and let us take care of any updates or changes that need to be made.
All of our API’s are designed to work either alone or with each other. Our API’s are organized around REST and are designed to have predictable, resource-oriented URLs that use HTTP response codes to indicate API errors.
We're building the plumbing for eCommerce with our modular, decentralized approach to eCommerce solutions.
 CardPay's Payment API is a payment management platform where users can receive payments and check payment statuses. The API can operate via directing customers to CardPay’s "Payment Page" or to a merchants "External Payment Page". Both methods are managed and verified by CardPay. CardPay is PCI DSS certified and compliant and all connections are secured through Thawte DV SSL certificates.
 The Switch Payments API is an integrated payment platform. The Switch Payments API allows users to accept payments from upwards of 200 different Alternative Payment Methods (APM) from anywhere in the world. Users can create new payments, authorize or refund payments, check payments status, etc. Switch Payments API is available in 44 countries including the US, Canada, Europe, and parts of Asia. Client libraries include Python, Ruby, Php, Node and Java.
 The AnywhereCommerce REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AnywhereCommerce with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. AnywhereCommerce provides merchants payment platforms and online point-of-sale (POS) functionality and support.
 The Paga Business REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Paga with other applications. Some example API methods include registering customers, transferring money, and managing payments. Paga is an online payment, banking, and airtime/data purchasing platform.
 The Gerencianet API allows developers to integrate its services for handling billing, payments, and receipts into their own applications. Gerencianet is a Brazilian intermediary payments company that allows users to issue bills or payment books to their customers and to get receipts for payments received. The Gerencianet website and API documentation are provided solely in Portuguese.
 ArsenalPay is a payment processing platform based in Russia. It features payment module integration, mobile notification tools, mobile integration, and social network support. Also, ArsenalPay offers several rates for legal entities, and individuals. For security, it offers load protection, network vulnerability scanning, and system logfile analysis. Developers need to register to access API documentation.
 The Bitrefill API allows developers to programmatically send money to prepaid phones around the world to purchase additional minutes. Payments through the API are made in Bitcoins. This API currently has support for over 600 operators in 143 different countries. Withdrawing funds is instant and topup usually occurs within 10 minutes.
 The SnapScan API is a RESTful-like API that provides authentication, error codes, pagination,and webhooks for developers utilizing the API's services. The SnapScan API provides tools for generating QR codes and URL structures, can query the status of payments that were made against merchant accounts, and mark the end of transaction periods and query all payments completed within associated periods. SnapScan is a mobile payments platform based in Cape Town, South Africa.
 OpenACH is a South Dakota payment processing system provider. EasyOFAC is an OFAC compliance platform which features layered fuzzy search to avoid false positives. Also, it provides real time monitoring for ongoing compliance, and guided compliance workflow. This API is is REST based, returns data in JSON format, and uses API keys for authentication.
 PayMaya is a financial company located in Philippines that develops online payment solutions. PayMaya tailors its services to businesses that cannot accept credit card payments, and functions as an intermediary. The Checkout API offers merchants a way to accept online payments, and also offers an express checkout feature. This API is REST based and the developer will require an API key.
 The Merchant Warrior API allows to integrate credit card payment solutions into merchant's applications. Documentation is available for download in the link provided as a PDF file, in which developers can find protocols in HTTP & XML, SSL security and Api Key access. Merchant Warrior is an e-commerce service based in Australia.
 The ePay Payment Solutions API allows to integrate payments into web services in SOAP protocol. Originally from Denmark, ePay additionally provides invoicing and subscription alternatives. To read documentation, visit http://tech.epay.dk/en/payment-web-service
 The PayU API allows to integrate payments into web services and mobile applications in JSON and REST protocols. Resources present how to create a new order via API, update notifications, and send refunds to the buyer's account. Developers require a Key to authenticate.
 Clever Banking API is a banking platform; send and receive Euros, Dollars, and Bitcoin. CleverCoin's API is partnered with all major payment channels including: Visa, Mastercard, Sepa, Ideal, and Bitcoin. The Clever Banking API offers fraud protection, Bitcoin conversion, multi-signature transfers, and is compliant with European Regulations. API documentation can be obtained through contacting CleverCoin.
 The HotspotSystem.com API allows to implement hotspot features into mobile applications and to bill for internet usage. Protocols available in JSON and XML with SSL, basic HTTP, and Api Key as authentication methods. HotspotSystem provides hotspot management and billing ability to businesses who offer internet to their customers.
 The Heartland Payment Systems API allows to integrate payments and billing functionalities into web services. Tokens and keys available to authenticate. Also accessible examples in C#, PHP, Java, Ruby, Python, and Node.js. Industries that can benefit from integration include restaurants, education K-12, retail, campus, grocery, parking, laundry, and petroleum. Heartland provides payroll, gift cards, point of sale, mobile payments, school solutions, school nutrition, and mobile ordering services.
 The PayPal Express Checkout API allows merchants to streamline the checkout process. When customers check out, they are redirected to Paypal.com from the merchant's site and then returned to the merchant's site for payment confirmation. Developers will need to have a PayPal merchant account in order to use this service.
 The Paysera Notification API allows developers to receive notifications from account events. Parameters include credit, currency, amount, beneficiary, and payment. A PHP library is available to support integration, in addition to JSON and REST protocols, which are part of Paysera Wallet API. Paysera provides secured and easy online money transfers via mobile phones.
 The Khipu API allows developers integrate the ability to create charges and receive payments into their own websites and applications. Khipu is a Bolivian payment system that is based on simplified bank transfers. It is designed for use by both businesses and individuals. The website and API documentation are provided in Spanish.
 The Make It Social Product REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Make It Social Product with other applications. Some example API methods include creating a new product, managing products, and creating webhooks. Make It Social provides users and travel providers tools to arrange and book group travel.
 The GoCardless Pro API allows developers to integrate a recurring payment system and is targeted to enterprises in Europe. API documentation includes how to make requests, time zones/dates, cursor pagination, response codes, and errors. Formats are available in JSON. Developers can authenticate with an API Key.
 The Peanut Labs allows developers to integrate publishing features into web projects. Once added, users will be able to engage with ad campaigns and surveys from Peanut Labs. The API provides requests in HTTP and responses in JSON and JSONP, and is accessible with a Key. PeanutLabs is based in San Francisco, California and offers monetization services targeted for websites and mobile applications.
 The Peanut Labs Monetization API allows developers to increase revenue by inviting users to the reward center. The reward platform allows website users participating in Loyalty, E-commerce and gaming websites to earn valuable incentives in exchange for their engagement with surveys or campaigns. Requests available in HTTP and responses in JSON & JSONP. Authentication with Api Key.
 The PayTabs API allows to integrate payments features into web services, providing JSON and REST protocols accessible with an Api Key. In addition to payments, PayTabs offers eCommerce and invoicing services in the Middle East.
 The Hyperwallet Payout API brings developers an efficient and accessible platform for executing payouts to a globally dispersed workforce. This API provides the tools needed to quickly and securely make payments to everyone on the workforce. Hyperwallet offers payouts with flexibility, freedom, and on-demand tracking.
 The Payfirma Push API integrates transactions in real-time with messages in JSON protocol & HTTP POST methods. In particular, the interface will display the previous 10 responses when it's visible in the eCommerce settings. Payfirma offers web terminal, recurring billing, and tablet POS services.
 The SetPay API provides developers a quick and safe way to add payment options to the flow of an application. SetPay offers a new and convenient way to accept credit card payments at any time and anywhere, via a smartphone or tablet and the card reader of SetPay.
 The Picatic API gives users tools to sell tickets online, directly from your app or website. The Picatic API also provides the ability to quickly create new events, list events on your own website, create links to purchase tickets online, retrieve and store data from events, automatically add registrants to a CRM, send triggered emails based on actions, view attendee, order and survey information, and more. With this API, users get real-time access to reporting data and can create personalized reports. Picatic is a ticketing platform with a unique approach to let promoters create event pages to generate funding before events are booked.
 Synapse Payments software platform for banks and businesses makes storage and movement of value quick, easy and safe. From crowdfunding and recurring rent payments to lending and international remittances, SynapsePay's white label API allows you to on-board users, verify their identity and perform compliance checks then verify bank details to transact today and in the future. Pricing plans range from 5-20 cents / transactions + a subscription fee for features (https://synapsepay.com/pricing/).
 figo.io is the first Banking-as-a-Service in Europe. It enables access to every financial services provider through one API. With the figo Banking API developers can integrate the access to a bank account, the history of transactions, and the submission of payments. Authentication is available via OAuth2. Formats in JSON and REST allow to request and receive responses to retrieve bank accounts, modify bank accounts, and remove a PIN number from the server.
 The Invoiced API offers a billing and invoicing service which can be integrated with existing applications. It features subscription billing, billing portal, customizable templates, and account statements. This RESTful API responds in the JSON format. The authorization model uses HTTP Basic Auth. Invoiced is a cloud based company which develops accounts receivable tools for organizations of all sizes.
 ACH Solutions invites developers to become integrated partners. Payments, accounting, and baking are some of the features that can be implemented into web services and mobile applications via XML requester. ACH Solutions is a division of UMS Banking and provides a secure low cost alternative for web and mobile payment services.
 The ADP Payroll API brings developers tools for Payroll Management and Services. This includes Pay Statements and Distributions, Tax Statements, ATM Locators, Paycard Funding Initiation, and more. The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management. Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US, but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon. ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S.
 Komoju is a Japanese company focused on payments, eCommerce, and banking services. The API supports all payment methods in Japanese Yen(JPY), offering REST protocol and a hosted page for integrations. Developers can authenticate with HTTP basic auth to send requests and receive responses in JSON format.
 The Stripe Relay API offers a commercial platform to integrate with existing applications. This lets users buy products across different media such as tweets, and advertisements. The Stripe Relay API extends the capabilities of the Stripe API. The Relay API is REST based, and returns data in JSON format. It uses the API Key method for authentication. Stripe focuses on deliver systems that let businesses and private individuals accept online payments.
 The DusuPay Merchant API allows developers to integrate the DusuPay payment channel into their websites, which enables them to handle online payments for goods, services, and utilities in Africa. DusuPay allows customers to make purchases online without the need for a credit or debit card by using their DusuPay account or a Dusu voucher purchased at a physical store, such as a supermarket or gas station.
 E-Coin is a Bitcoin debit card & Multi-Sig Wallet that allows users to spend bitcoin anywhere. The E-Coin Account API allows developers to set up accounts for users. This API requires an account to develop with their API.
 The Kash REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kash with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving a list of available banks that work with Kash, sending banking credentials, and managing transactions. Kash is an online and mobile solution for direct debit payments for businesses.
 The Regalii REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Regalii with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving information about payments, managing payments, and managing accounts. Regalii is an online payment platform for paying international bills online.
 The Xfers Reseller REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications. Some example API methods include setting up accounts, managing accounts, and retrieving account status. Xfers is an online payment system.
 The Xfers Transaction REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications. Some example API methods include receiving transaction lists, retrieving status of transactions, and managing transactions. Xfers is an online payment system.
 The Xfers Payout REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications. Some example API methods include requesting payouts, retrieving payout status, and receiving payout messages. Xfers is an online payment system.
 The SericaPay HTML API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SericaPay with other applications. Some example API methods include adding merchandise to shopping carts, buying merchandise, and checking out with shopping carts. SericaPay is an online marketplace solution for online merchants to sell merchandise to their customers.
 The Xfers Payments REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications. Some example API methods include requesting payments, cancelling payments, and receiving payment notifications. Xfers is an online payment system.
 The MarketInvoice REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of MarketInvoice with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. MarketInvoice is an online invoicing provider.
 The Besepa API is a service for developers for the SEPA direct debit platform. With the API, the platform is structured around the following models: Customer, Group, Bank Account, Mandate, Debit, Product, and Subscription. Besepa is a Spanish company whose main goal is to simplify the management of direct debits for companies and organizations. SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) Direct Debit is a European system of rules and standards for merchants to collect payments.
 The Plenigo API provides an eCommerce platform for digital media distributors. This RESTful API uses OAuth 2 authentication, and responses are in JSON format. Plenigo integrates analytics, product administration and billing in one solution. Services include paywall functions like day passes, vouchers, metered views, pay-per-view or subscriptions. Payment options include PayPal, credit cards, bank transfers and more.
 The MercadoPago API allows developers to exchange information with the Mercado's platform. Mercado Pago is an online payment company that processes payments for businesses globally.
 The InPlayer API service brings developers a tailored experience and white-labeled management from all parties that are interested in taking on the direct-to-API approach. In the time of AWS, distributed systems, and expanding need for integration and growth, the InPlayer API has grown into its own CMS-as-a-Service and User-Management-as-a-Service. The API document and key is only available to registered users. For more information and to register, contact InPlayer at sales@inplayer.com. InPlayer allows media publishers to monetize videos via video ads within the player, user data capture, and paywall within videos, and other services.
 MobiCart helps eCommerce website providers to create mCommerce mobile applications. Create native iPhone, iPad and Android apps that users can download from app stores and HTML5 web apps that are accessible from a mobile browser. MobiCart Store API aims to facilitate business transactions with mobile devices, providing API features such as store settings, shipping, tax, countries, and states. Available in JSON and XML format, this API can be accessed with a Key. Additional APIs that could enhance integration include Product API, Order API, and Department API.
 The Blockchain Data API allows Bitcoin block and transaction payments data query functionality. This API provides requests for data regarding single block, single transaction, chart, block height, single and multi address, unspent outputs, unconfirmed transaction, inventory and more. CORS header information is provided and all responses are in JSON. Blockchain is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data. Blockchain also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets
 [Editor's Note: This API is no longer available. All snapcard.com pages now redirect to sendwyre.com.]
SnapCard allows to abuy bitcoin with a bank account and access SnapCard to use digtal currencies. The SnapCard API allows developers to retrieve their merchant account info, retrieve exchange rates, retrieve payouts, and create, retrieve, cancel, & list invoices. SnapCard is a Bitcoin wallet that offers MassPay for sending money anywhere in the world.
 The Blockchain Create Wallet API allows for the creation of a blockchain.info bitcoin wallet with the a pre-generated secret API key. This API uses POST or GET requests and provides JSON responses and authentication is through a secret API key. Blockchain is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data. Blockchain also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets.
 The PromisePay REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PromisePay with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. PromisePay is a digital payment platform for marketplaces.
 The Lavu REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Lavu with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Lavu is a point-of-sale platform specifically for restaurants and use on iPads.
@pay didn't extract the description
 The Bindo API allows developers to integrate access to their stores, products, and payments into 3rd-party applications. Bindo is an e-commerce platform that provides users with real-time store data, 24/7 payment gateway access, and order tracking services. The API documentation is not public, but is available upon request.
 The Intuit Payments API allows developers to integrate Quickbooks Payments service with their applications. By making requests to the API, developers are able to create custom eCommerce app, and build an app that processes credit car payments. Intuit provides businesses a way to manage their finances.
 The Vaultoro Trading API allows developers to build third-party applications that allow their users to view their bitcoin and gold account balance, and to open buy or sell orders. This API also allows app end users to issue a buyorder or a sellorder, cancel a buyorder or a sellorder, and more. Vaultoro is a bitcoin gold exchange company.
 Vaultoro Basic is a JSON based API that allows users to pull price feeds into graphing platforms as well as developing web widgets with the latest bitcoin price in gold. Vaultoro is a Bitcoin Gold Exchange company.
 The DVI Give API facilitates charitable giving by allowing end users to search for and access information about charities from third part applications. Users can even make donations through the API and immediately receive a tax receipt. DVI (Dexterity Ventures Inc.) is an organization that provides donation tools for businesses who want to incorporate charitable giving into their products or online presence.
 The Affirm REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Affirm with other applications. Some example API methods include managing checkout functions, retrieving charge information, and managing shipping and contact information. Affirm is an online payment platform that allows users to pay over time and allows merchants to offer a pay over time option on their website and applications.
 The Forte API allows developers to integrate its payment platform into their projects. Specifically, the API allows users to send queries, retrieve detailed object information, and update or delete customer and transaction records. Forte offers a single-source payment processing solution that accepts all major card brands and is capable of handling recurring transactions.
 The PayWhirl REST API allows developers to access the functionality of PayWhirl with other applications. Some example API methods include managing subscribers, adding subscriptions, and managing payments. PayWhirl is an online payment platform for recurring payments and subscriptions.
 The Peach Payments REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Peach Payments with other applications. Some example API methods include posting payments, retrieving payments, and managing account and customer information. Peach Payments is an online and mobile payments platform for emerging markets.
 The BitPagos REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of BitPagos with other applications. Some example API methods include integrating a payment button, creating a checkout page, managing checkout processes, and retrieving transactions. BitPagos is an online payment platform that allows businesses to accept Bitcoin and credit card payments. BitPagos is available in English, Spanish, and Portuguese.
 The Razorpay REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Razorpay with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving payments, capturing payments, and retrieving refunds of a payment. Razorpay is an online and mobile payment platform for individuals and businesses in India.
inpay---bitcoin-payment-processor didn't extract the description
 The Gem Bitcoin API allows developers to integrate fully functional Bitcoin wallets into their applications. This service is highly scalable, allowing users to create as many wallets as they want. The API uses multi-signature authorization, multi-factor authentication, and real-time monitoring to ensure the security of all transactions.
 Paid API is an automated invoicing system. Paid is RESTful and uses HTTP Basic Auth with API Keys for authentication. All requests must be authenticated and over HTTPS, HTTP is not allowed. Use Paid to automatically collect payments and send follow ups, create and track invoices, and access account analytics.
 Use the RESTful Hiveage API to manage your business's billing online. Access to the API is available to all Hiveage users with their existing account. Hiveage uses JSON and authenticates via API Key and HTTP Basic Auth. Use the API to create invoices, manage contacts, accept payments, track employee time and mileage, and create reports.
 MasterCard Places API lets developers build applications using its location intelligence services, and by integrating its dataset. This API allows developers to have access to locations of different places across the US. The Places API is powered by "near-real-time, aggregated, anonymous transaction data." This API is part of the Mastercard Location Services APIs.
 The Re4Charge REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Re4Charge with other applications. Some example API methods include sending payments, recharging accounts, and managing user information. API documentation is available with account service. Re4Charge is a mobile phone recharging and payment system.
 The SEED REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SEED with other applications and to create new applications using JSON. Some example API methods include managing members and users, retrieving and managing transfers and wires, and retrieving individuals. SEED is a mobile banking provider for businesses. SEED offers ACH transfers and wire transfer capabilities for businesses.
 The Paynova API supports all aspects of payment processing for online retailers in Europe. Use the API to create and send invoices, accept payments and issue refunds, and process orders. The API exposes services in both REST and SOAP, and accepts requests in XML, JSON, JSV, CSV, or MessagePack. Authentication is done via HTTP Basic Auth. Paynova API accepts many different payment methods and currency types. See the documentation for a full outline of payment methods/currency types and for extensive information on implementing the API.
 The 37Coins Market API allows developers to access and integrate the market functionalities of 37Coins with other applications via a REST API in JSON. The three main API methods are managing order IDs, forwarding payment status, and expiring existing orders. 37Coins is a SMS-based bitoin wallet.
 The 37Coins Affiliate API allows developers to access and integrate the affiliate functionalities of 37Coins with other applications via a REST API in JSON. Some example API methods include adding referral invites, tracking referral invites, and managing user accounts. 37Coins is a SMS-based bitoin wallet.
 The ChangeTip API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ChangeTip with other applications using a REST API in JSON. The two main API methods are posting tips and retrieving tips. ChangeTip is an application that allows users to send and receive monetary (bitcoin) tips.
 Pay.ON Open Payment Platform REST API allows full access to Pay.ON's front end widgets and functions associated with at the Pay.ON Open Payment as a Platform. All requests for this API are sent over SSL and authentication requires a username and password. This API has an extensive reference list of parameters, including types of payments, accounts, IDs, customer information, cart information, payments, tokenization and registration, frequency, 3D secure, and customized parameters.
Pay.ON is a world wide provider of infrastructure systems that allow payment providers to outsource payment processes or integrate defined modules within their current systems. Pay.ON operates within a four principle framework: non-competition guarantee, white label service, Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Global Connectivity with Local Access.
Pay.ON has location in Germany, New York, Hong Kong, the Philippines, and Austria.
 The 37Coins Merchant API allows developers to access and integrate the merchant functionalities of 37Coins with other applications via a REST API in JSON. The two main API methods are retrieving a charge token and posting a charge token request. 37Coins is a SMS-based bitoin wallet.
 The Coinleap API allows developers to integrate digital currency methods into a project. Coin features such as incoming and outgoing transactions are available. This service is about simplifying payments by sending digital currency. Documentation shows an option to display parameters and responses in the same place.
 The Suntico Sage 50 API is designed to help users create apps that connect with data from the hundreds of thousands of companies using Sage 50 Accounting and Sage 50 Accounts. Sage is a business management software and services provider whose products handle common business tasks such as accounting, HR, payroll, payments, enterprise resource planning, and customer relationship management. Suntico is an Irish software company and authorized Sage developer.
 The Eventsforce event management API employs standard HTTP GET requests and authenticates with an API Key and standard HTTP Authentication. API Keys are generated from within each Eventsforce account holder's administration interface. Use the Eventsforce API to manage every aspect of your event like creating a website, handling registration, communicating with attendees, and creating event badges. The API's documentation is hosted on Apiary and includes extensive documentation and example data for users to query.
 The iugu API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iugu with other applications. Some example API methods include managing payments, retrieving transaction details, and managing account information. iugu is an online and mobile payment platform in Brazil.
 MyNXT is a decentralized way to use a mobile wallet. This is an open source tool that allows users to take control of funds without downloads, installation, or hassle. The API service is about interaction with the myNXT.info online wallet and performance of standard NXT queries. Every time a developer makes a call to the myNXT.info API, the site will determine the best server to process the request. All servers work on HTTPS mode, providing security through the calls that should be made through this method.
 MyNXT Wallet permits users to control personal finances through an open source decentralized system. The API service is about interaction with the myNXT.info online wallet and performance of standard NXT queries. Users should note that servers work on HTTPS mode, offering security through every call. Parameters include email requires as login email, password as login, uuid optional, and gauth_user_code (needed if 2fa is enabled). The site provides additional examples with calls and responses to get encrypted wallet, get tickets, and get all accounts from a user.
 Lob Simple Check Service API is a fee based cloud API that automates check payments for businesses and developers. This API is scalable and customizable, allowing businesses to add branding logos and descriptive content on the fronts of their bank grade business checks .
Lob Simple Check Service API requires an authentication key for the creation of check print jobs that are processed and mailed. This REST API supports a URL or local file for the logo creation. This API provides Ruby, Node.js, PHP, Java, & Python wrappers for ease of integration.
 Judo Marketplace can be used to provide card acceptance as well as automate fee collection for users. Judo Marketplace is thus good for businesses which connect customers with other businesses or sellers. The Marketplace API enables the programmatic access to marketplace admin functions and payment processing features, allowing users to host a marketplace, publish multiple apps for multiple customers, automate payments and fees, and more.
 Go Processing is an Indian multilevel payment services provider. The Go Processing Payment Gateway API and Recharge API enables programmatic bill paying and refill of a user's mobile account. The categories of the Recharge API options include Mobile recharge API, DTH Recharge API, Bills payment API, Data card recharge API, Money transfer API and ticket booking API, all accessible using HTTP requests with JSON or XML formats. Go Processing offers the interface, a client application, and a server application. With an MIS online portal included, batch request processing with the API is also possible.
 EBANX is an eCommerce payment solution for international merchants that are selling their products to Brazil-based individuals. Using the EBANX API, developers can integrate the EBANX payment services into third party applications. These server-to-server operations can be called upon to create, confirm, or cancel payments, create recurring payments, capture credit card information, refund payments, check the status of existing payments, and retrieve currency exchange rates. The EBANX Academy for Developers provides ample documentation as well as integration tools such as a PHP library to help developers implement the API.
 Shopwave is a point-of-sale solution for merchants. Shopwave provides point-of-sale functions for businesses to accept payments. The Shopwave API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Shopwave with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving item data, posting payments, and managing user accounts.
 ACHeck21 is a payment processing system that allows users to process both ACH and Check21 transactions. The ACHeck21 API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ACHeck21 with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving account information, processing transactions, and retrieving transaction data.
 Bitpay is an online payment service that uses bitcoins, it provides people a platform to make payments online. The BitPay API is REST based, which enables developers to integrate its services into their applications. With the API, clients can create and manage invoices, issue refunds, manage bills, and more.. Developers may call the API directly over HTTP.
 Espago is a Polish payment gateway for eCommerce that processes online card payment methods. Espago hosts an API sandbox to allow developers to test the API. Espago can be used to process bank withdrawals and deposits, accept credit and debit card transactions, and create and manage customer data. Recurring payments can also be programmed using the Espago API by assigning a customer ID to a specific subscription type.
 Coinwallet.co is an online wallet that can be used to handle multiple cryptocurrencies. Users can register with Coinwallet.co and start generating their own wallet addresses in less than a minute. Up to 50 addresses may be created for each currency in a wallet along with unlimited outgoing payment addresses. The Coinwallet.co API allows users to get currencies, check their balances, get received transactions, get sent transactions, send payments, and get a new address.
 Transverse is a software-as-a-service company that provides businesses a way to automate billing, and manage their customer subscriptions. The Transverse Tract REST API lets developers integrate their applications with the Tract service by making REST requests to the API. The API uses HTTP Basic Authentication.
 Transverse is a software-as-a-service company that provides businesses a way to automate billing, and manage their customer subscriptions. The Transverse Tract SOAP API lets developers integrate their applications with the Tract service by making SOAP requests to the API. The API uses Basic HTTP Authentication.
 PayPal is an e-commerce based business that lets users to make and transfer payments electronically. The PayPal Merchant API lets developers integrate its merchant features and functionality with their applications, enabling their clients to have access to, and to manage their PayPal’s merchant account directly. This API is SOAP based.
 Clearent's developer-friendly payments platform offers multiple integration options so you can provide your customers with a seamless transaction experience. When you integrate credit card payments through Clearent's API solution you can start earning money today and get live support from payments experts.
 BlueSnap’s Payment API enables merchants to accept online payments via the major credit & debit cards, PayPal and other mobile wallets like MasterPass and Visa Checkout. Merchants can also store shopper details in BlueSnap. The Payment API provides end-to-end subscription management capabilities via BlueSnap’s award-winning Subscription Engine. The API is available in 180 countries and supports 100 currencies. To reduce PCI compliance scope while keeping sensitive card data secure, merchants can use the API with BlueSnap’s Hosted Payment Fields or client-side encryption JS libraries. An Android SDK is available for integration in native Android apps. The BlueSnap Developer Hub includes an interactive API Explorer, quickstart guides and tutorials, sample code, and complete reference info.
 BitPay hosts a REST-based interface for developers to interact with a user's BitPay account and online Bitcoin payment service. Users can submit orders in over 30 currencies, display payment instructions, receive payment notifications, and receive payouts to banks in 9 countries. The BitPay Rate API returns exchange rates which compare the price of Bitcoin to hundreds of currencies across the world. The API can be accessed over HTTPS and returns a JSON-formatted responses.
 Fortumo is mobile payment platform that offers users the ability to make and process payments on the cloud. The Fortumo Reporting API lets developers integrate its features with their applications, allowing businesses to request data for the full revenue report. Responses are in CSV format, and the API uses personal Reporting API key for authentication.
 SpectroCoin provides its users with secure Bitcoin e-wallet, exchange, and merchant services. The SpectroCoin website offers SSL security, and users' accounts are protected via two-factor authentication. SpectroCoin allows merchants to accept Bitcoins without having to worry about the current Bitcoin exchange rate. The SpectroCoin Merchant API lets merchants integrate the ability to receive Bitcoin payments into their websites or applications.
 Optimal Payments offer a range of online, mobile and alternative payment methods using APIs designed to streamline payment integration into applications and websites. The Card Payments API enables developers to connect their app directly with a payment engine to handle purchases, refunds, and authorization reversals all through a RESTful API using HTTP with JSON formatted requests and responses. Optimal Payments offers a test API endpoint to demo API integrations before publication.
 Poynt is a payment terminal that connects businesses with their customers, interacting through a counter top device. It can be used to process several different forms of payment, electronically. The Poynt API lets developers integrate their applications with its services, enabling customers to make payment, as well as for businesses to keep track of their productivity.
 Optimal Payments offer a range of online, mobile and alternative payment methods using APIs designed to streamline payment integration into applications and websites. The Hosted Payments API allows developers to integrate payment processing into eCommerce sites with full PCI compliance for enhanced security. The API will forward users to a payment page hosted by NETBANX to ensure that sensitive information is stored and handled solely by NETBANX. This is all done through a RESTful API using HTTP with JSON formatted requests and responses. Optimal Payments offers a test API endpoint to demo API integrations before their publication.
 Optimal Payments offer a range of online, mobile and alternative payment methods using APIs designed to streamline payment integration into applications and websites. The Customer Vault enables developers to store customer information such as credit card numbers and contact information to quickly reference for an expedient shopping and checkout experience. The API can hold multiple payment methods per customer and can be used to create and manager customer profiles, all through a RESTful API using HTTP with JSON formatted requests and responses. Optimal Payments offers a test API endpoint to demo API integrations before publication.
 2Checkout is a payment service that let businesses to process transactions on the web. The 2Checkout Admin API lets developers to integrate its administrative fuctionality into their applications/websites. With this API integrated, users will be able to automate account and order management processes. Request can be returned in XML, JSON, and HTML format.
 2Checkout is a payment service for businesses to process transactions on the web. The 2Checkout Payment API lets developers to integrate its service into their applications/websites. With the API integrated, users will be able to process transactions directly on the applications.
 CheckAlt offers an API to allow developers to incorporate Check21 services into web applications and websites. This allows payments for credit, loan, and mortgage to be customized for specific online needs, and enabling developers to incorporate eChecks into online payments.
 The Base Commerce API provides numerous functions for developers to utilize. These functions of the API pertain to credit card processing, ACH processing, secured vault, and a push notifications platform. The API allows companies to easily accept payments to help minimize fraud and keeps their margins high.
 Webmasterchecks is a secure online payment service for issuing high-volume payouts. It can perform check-printing, mailing, wires, and ACH direct deposits, though printing and delivering checks is their specialty. Users have access to real-time reporting, payment details, and transaction history. With the Webmasterchecks API, users can import data directly into the system. Webmasterchecks primarily works with affiliate networks, market research companies, claims administration, insurance companies, and similar businesses.
 Square helps consumers to pay with card in a mobile environment. For a business that prefers to keep all sales information in a settled location, Square Stand is the choice. In contrast, if the enterprise is mobile, Square Reader is the alternative. With the aim to ease commerce, Square offers The Connect API. This application provides HTTP endpoints to retrieve reports for users' payments, refunds, and settlements. It also allows to manage merchant's items. Square Connect API is about point of sale transactions with cards using iPad, iPhone, and Android. Additional resources of transactions, OAuth, and eCommerce are available on Square site.
 The Vericoin Payment API, an API for Vericoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Vericoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Vericoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Feathercoin Payment API, an API for Feathercoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Feathercoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Feathercoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 Fraud prevention that learns. Feedzai aims to learn, predict, and prevent questionable profiles using fraud models, scoring algorithms, and machine learning. The site shows a graphic representation of a fast ROI with merchants, payments, clients, processors, and mobile devices as the main actors of safe commerce. The REST API is about fraud prevention. Some of the resources to integrate with the API include authentication, endpoints, service environments, responses, and HTTP status codes. A perspective from the user's point of view is also available to understand fraud process.
 The Speedcoin Payment API, an API for Speedcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Speedcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Speedcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Vertcoin Payment API, and API for Vertcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Vertcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Vertcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Reddcoin Payment API, an API for Reddcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Reddcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Reddcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 SudoPay is a single payment gateway API, allowing transparent integration on website. Allowed payment gateways include PayPal, stripe, Swolla, Bitcoin, Amazon, Visa, Mastercard, and Braintree. SudoPay provides conversion methods, fraud avoidance and the ability to create manual and offline payments.
SudoPay is a subscription based API requiring website registration. This is a REST API with JSON and XML responses.
 Payeezy is the simplest way to accept payments in mobile apps, eCommerce sites and just about anything that talks over HTTP. With the Payeezy API, developers can instantly accept credit cards, debit cards, eChecks, Apple Pay In-App payments, Android Pay, Paypal, loyalty cards and other payment types. There is no registration required to get started.
 The Darkcoin Payment API, an API for Darkcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Darkcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Darkcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and can add more upon request.
 The Potcoin Payment API, an API for Potcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Potcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Potcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and can add more upon request.
 The Dogecoin Payment API, an API for the Dogecoin digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Dogecoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Dogecoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Litecoin Payment API, an API for Litecoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Litecoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Litecoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Bitcoin Payment API, an API for Bitcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Bitcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Bitcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 Marqeta is an issuer processing platform for mobile-based credit payments. The Marqeta DMC API can be integrated in to 3rd party applications to support payment processing in web environments. Implementing the API, developers can manage their users, coordinate payment plans, create spending controls, oversee addresses, fees, campaigns, transactions, transfers, and more. The API accepts HTTP calls in JSON formats, and comes well documented.
 The CheckIssuing API allows users to securely import data directly into the company's systems to process payments. To use the API, it is suggested to create an account. After receiving an API key, the documents will serve as a guide to begin with the implementation. This API can be particularly useful to access account balances, submit new deposits, and submit new payment requests.
 HiPay is a French digital payment provider handling transactions for all types of billing for web, eCommerce, and mobile integrations. The HiPay TPP Gateway API can be accessed using JSON & XML formats, and is free for qualifying members to integrate into 3rd party applications. All payments processed through HiPay are done so using SSL to ensure secure payment protection.
 The Urban Airship Wallet Studio API provides developers the ability to create wallet items for their customers' individual accounts. The API supports both Android and iOS platforms.
 Based in Amsterdam, Coinzone enables European online retailers and eCommerce providers to accept digital currencies such as Bitcoin instead of traditional payment methods. Using the Coinzone REST API, secure calls can be made to authenticate, initiate transactions, retrieve transaction details, and process refunds. Authentication requires a client-code, timestamp, and signature for processing all API requests. Use of the API requires a 1% cross-the-board fee for purchases.
 BTC Markets is an Australian based BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange. Using BTC Markets, users can buy, trade, and sell their digital currency all through their bank account credentials. BTC Markets hosts an API to help developers create trading and payment mobile app solutions. The BTC Markets REST API accepts JSON formatted GET requests to the HTTP endpoint. The API will return account balances, can be used to transfer funds, and be used to retrieve market data via a ticker, orderbook, and summary of recent trades. The BTC Markets API accepts an API key and valid time stamp for authentication.
 AsMoney is an electronic payment system based on the Bitcoin and Litecoin networks. Members can make instant payments for goods and services, or send and receive money with minimal fees.
AsMoney API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AsMoney with other applications. The developer may use the API to get balances, send money to Bitcoin / Litecoin addresses, send from AsMoney balances, get account history, or get details of transactions.
 Thailand Mobile Recharge is an API provided by ThailandTopup.com for topping up the credits on prepaid mobile phones from the three major Thai mobile phone networks - AIS 12call, DTAC Happy, and True Move. From a single account, users can add credits to any prepaid mobile phone on those networks. An Auto Lookup feature allows users to look up the network associated with a phone number in real time. Users can pay for credits through PayPal or Thai Bank Transfer.
 PayStand is a full eCommerce platform that allows providers to receive debit and credit card payments online. PayStand supports standard credit card carriers (Visa, Master Card, American Express, and Discover), eChecks (Ach, Dwolla), as well as BitCoin. Using the PayStand API, eCommerce providers may create, edit, and manage existing products, and receive payments. All APIs use the HTTP POST method, and request and response data is in the JSON format. PayStand also offers plugin modules for Pinterest, Drupal, & WordPress working with WooCommerce, and an iOS SDK for develops to construct applications that easily interact with PayStand. Currently in early access beta mode, access to the PayStand API requires an API key for use.
 The RESTful Ziftr API allows online retailers to accept cryoptocurrencies such as Litecoin and BitCoin instead of normal payment methods. It also allows programmatic access to the Ziftr eCommerce platform and API sandbox. The Ziftr API lets retailers view real time pricing statistics and inventory updates, and allows access to new sales channels, all while keeping company branding and identity consistent across presences. Ziftr SDKs exist for PHP, Ruby, Python and Java. In order to gain access to the Ziftr API and retailer tools, retailers can sign up on their home page.
 MyBitX is a global BitCoin and crypto-currency exchange service and wallet hosting service. With MyBitX, users can accept, spend and receive BitCoin using personal secure wallet. Using the MyBitX API without authentication, developers may retrieve market data. Using HTTP basic authentication, developers may request recently placed orders, create new trade orders, receive balances, make withdrawals, and more. API calls are currently limited to one request per minute per IP address.
 Coinprism is a service that allows for the tokenization of cryptocurrency. Using Coinprism's Colored Coins, users are able to trade shares, bonds, and commodities without regulation by coloring BitCoin. Using the Coinprism Colored Coins API, developers can use GET & POST HTTP requests to issue colored coins, access a wallet to make a transaction, and return balances.
 Mintpal is a cryptocurrency exchange platform. The Mintpal API is currently in V1, allowing developers to access the Mintpal API to retrieve information on all supported cryptocurrency price indexes, market statistics, personal trades, orders, and other data. V2, currently in beta, will allow developers to post trades and call orders using the Mintpal wallet platform as well. All calls are made via HTTP, and the data is returned in JSON formatted arrays. The request limit is 10 requests per second.
 Taxee is a RESTful API that accepts an income amount and filing status, and calculates the tax amount owed. This filing preparation service takes federal and state mandates as well as deductions into consideration when preparing the amount. The Taxee API can also retrieve information on deductions and tax brackets for all states given a certain year. The API is open source and available for download through GitHub.
 Block.io API offers a secure wallet and payment service for transacting the three most common cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin, Doge, & LiteCoin). Their service is hosted without fees. Their HTTP request API uses the keys associated with each personal cryptocurrency account, to return balances, conduct withdrawals and account maintenance, and return user IDs & addresses associated with a specific account.
 Visa Checkout API helps developers to integrate payments. The fundamental value of this API is the functionality of e-commerce transactions, useful for developers who work with online businesses open 24/7. The API is about payment integration. Visa Checkout API features REST protocol, HTTPS interfaces, and API Key which can be used publicly or privately. Developers can receive Twitter tips and e-mail support.
 The PSP Platform is a white-label platform that helps users create their own complete payment gateways capable of performing mobile transactions, currency exchanges, and more. The Subdealers API allows PSP Platform users to perform basic operations on a subdealer's e-card, such as selling the e-card or depositing an amount from one e-card to another.
 The PSP Platform is a white-label platform that helps users create their own complete payment gateways capable of performing mobile transactions, currency exchanges, and more. The Dealers API enables PSP Platform users to generate new anonymous e-cards and to deposit the balance of existing e-cards to incoming e-cards.
 The PSP Platform is a white-label platform that helps users create their own complete payment gateways capable of performing mobile transactions, currency exchanges, and more. The Basic Operations API allows users to transfer money between e-cards, check an e-card's balance, merge one e-card with another, split one e-card into two, and change the attributes of an e-card.
google-play-in-app-billing didn't extract the description
 Google Wallet Instant Buy allows merchants to store and access customer payment data in the cloud. Both the Instant Buy for Android and Instant Buy for web versions offer in-app or online payments, access to Google single sign-on, and streamlines user experience by keeping data entry to a minimum. The APIs work with the merchants' current payment systems, and are available for use by end users in the U.S. who already have Google Wallet accounts.
Interested developers or merchants should contact Google at http://getinstantbuy.withgoogle.com/.
 Ideamart is a platform that provides developers with a variety of services that they can integrate into their own applications. These services are delivered in the form of the Idea Pro APIs, which may be used to send SMS, charge payments, build apps with USSD menus, find user locations in real time, transfer funds between eZ Cash wallets, and manage subscriptions.
 Doge API is a digital wallet for Dogecoins, a type of cryptocurrency. The wallet allows users to send, receive, and keep track of their Dogecoins. Doge API calls allow users to check their balance, send payments, get their payment address, get the current Dogecoin price in USD or BTC, retrieve a list of their recent transactions, and more.
 TeleCash is a mobile money service from Telecel. Subscribers can conduct money transactions with their mobile phone.
The TeleCash API enables the validation of credit cards, the storing of credit card data in the TeleCash DataStorage, and the creation of credit card payments.
 The UPS Gemini APIs enable easy and quick information organization. With these APIs you can automate order management and processing, calculate rates, generate labels and documentation, search orders, and cancel requests.
Gemini APIs include the Shipping and Rating APIs and can integrate the Tracking API.
 UPS Rating API identifies all UPS services available, domestic and international, and displays rates catered to package specifications. Customers can compare, rate, and select the most fitting service for their needs.
The API is in XML format and allows developers to custom create the UPS shipping menu to suit various website and application designs and layouts.
 Veritrans is an online payment gateway for Indonesian markets. The service aims to provide services for credit cards, ClickPay Mandiri, CIMB Clicks, BRI e-Pay, Cash XL, Telkomsel T-Cash, and other payment options. The Veritran VT-Web API allows users to accept payment and because the whole payment process is handled by Veritrans, Veritrans can take care of most of the information security compliance requirements from the bank (Veritrans is certified as a PCI-DSS Level 1 Service Provider). The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. Users can use the API to get requests that consist of payment status information. With this information, merchant server can update the transaction status in the merchant database
 TradeVine is an ecommerce solutions service that facilitates TradeMe listing and interactions. TradeVine allows users to get notifications when listings change, create a unique ecommerce store, integrate with Xero, streamline purchases, and evaluate inventory, among other features. The TradeVine API allows users to use REST calls to retrieve data from the TradeMe platform. The API returns JSON, uses SSL and OAuth for authentication, and an account is required with service.
 ListSellTrade is a merchant site that allows users to access online auctions, fixed price listings, business sale listings, classified advertising, recruitment, as well as to promote a users business. The ListSellTrade API allows users to automatically list entire product ranges and update it every 24 hours. An account and an API Key are required with service.
 Auric Systems International is a PCI compliant solutions provider that produces payment transaction processing applications from cryptographic key management to tokenized credit card storage.The PaymentVault API, provided by Auric Systems, allows users to integrate merchant shops with the PaymentVault service. PaymentVault Tokenization provides off-site data storage for tokenized credit card account numbers and separate bulk storage of encrypted credit card information from the cardholder's personally identifiable information. The API uses JSON-RPC, and account is required with service.
 Delivery.com provides a database of restaurants, fast food establishments, dry cleaners, and liquor stores that provide delivery options. Users can search locally for places that provide delivery, place an order, and pay online. The Delivery.com API provides developers with the tools to integrate the search and ordering functions into third-party applications. The Delivery APIs allows users to search for local restaurants, liquor stores, and laundries that offer delivery and pickup then make purchases through the checkout API.
 Trekksoft is an online platform for ticket, tour, and travel bookings and payments. Trekksoft offers a variety of online solutions for travel providers.
The Trekksoft API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Trekksoft with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving tours, managing tour information, and user account management.
 Payza is a global online payment platform that enables consumers and businesses to send and receive money instantly. The Payza API provides a developer interface for interacting with this platform. The API is able to send individual or mass payments, refund transactions, cancel subscriptions, and to return merchant and consumer data.
The Payza API currently has seven functions you can use to perform various account actions while logged out of your account:SendMoney: send funds to a single Payza member.Bitcoin SendMoney: send Bitcoin to an external Bitcoin wallet.MassPay: send funds to a list of Payza members using our Mass Pay feature.Refund: issue a refund for a Payza payment you received.SubscriptionCancellation: cancel a subscription that a customer purchased through Payza.GetBalance: retrieve your Payza balance information.GetTransactionInfo: retrieve information about a Payza transaction in your Payza account.TransactionHistory: retrieve information on a set of transactions based on parameters you specify, such as a date range or transaction amount range.
 BlueTarp Financial is a financial services company dedicated to serving building supply dealers in the U.S. BlueTarp provides a transaction authorization API that developers can integrate into their own websites or systems in order to support transaction processing through BlueTarp. Supported transactions may include sale, credit, void, deposit hold, and deposit collection transactions.
 Bahaquote is an invoicing and expensing service that provides users with access to online invoicing, expense monitoring, mobile access, email marketing, and other features. The Bahaquote platform can be integrated into third party applications and used for automation using the Bahaquote API. The API allows users to complete transactions online, update billing information, send quotes and invoices in a systematic manner through an automated process. An account is required with service.
 The DSN is based on a monthly transmission of personal data of employees, automated payroll software, after payroll, via a single reception point responsible for allocating data to the recipients. The DSN public API provides access to social statements in France.
 Treasury.io us a United States Treasury information provider that makes the data reported by the treasury on a daily basis readily available. The Treasury.io API provides users with access to the treasury's Operating Cash Balance , Deposits and Withdrawals, Public Debt Transactions, Adjustment of Public Dept Transactions to Cash Basis, Debt Subject to Limit, Federal Tax Deposits, Short-term Cash Investment, and Income Tax Refunds Issued. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 BinDB is a bank identification number database that helps businesses identify credit and debit cards. The BINDB is widely used for fraud protection and credit card payment processing. BinDB provides a flexible API solutions to query the Issuer Identificaton Number database. An account is required to use the API.
 TSYS is a payment acceptance service that provides a services from payment processing and merchant services, to gift card servicing and exchange rate payment services. The TSYS API allows users to integrate third-party applications with the payment processing service and other products with an emphasis on the mobile services. TSYS uses SSL for authentication. Documentation access requires registration.
 PriceMyLoan serves the mortgage lending industry by providing loan pricing and underwriting services online as a service. The PriceMyLoan API allows users to integrate the mortgage processing service into third party applications. The API can returns a variety of data formats, and an account is required with service.
 Liteapi.org is a crypto-currency facilitator that provides resources to utilize or incorporate litecoin payment into merchant applications. The Liteapi.org API allows users to receive payments, get exchange rates, access the blockchain, and make other calls. The API also allows users to build apps that utilize litecoin, or add litecoin functionality to existing applications. The API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and uses SSL for authentication.
 DogeAPI is an API for the use of the crypto-currency Dogecoin built around the popular doge meme. The DogeCoin API allows users to build payment processing into merchant websites. The API includes calls to get a balance, withdraw funds, get a new address, get a user address, get an address received, get address by label, get difficulty, and get current block. The API uses REST calls and both SSL and an API key for authentication.
 GoCoin is an international payment platform that allows users to send and accept crypto-currencies as payment within merchant shops and other organizations. The GoCoin API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to make calls to interact with account data, deposit addresses, invoices, merchants, merchant users, merchant payout addresses, and users. An account is required with service, and OAuth and SSL are used for authentication.
 CoinRelay is a Litecoin mining pool that allows users to do pool processing power to mine litecoin, as well as mine anonymously. The CoinRelay API uses REST calls, and allows users to query to get pool data and user account information. An account and API key are required for API usage.
 Paymate is a secure payment system enabling users to accept credit card payments both online and via mobile devices. The Paymate API allows developers to programmatically update payment statuses, recover lost orders not recorded at the seller site, and to validate payments.
 Trade.tf is a product sales site for steam users. Users can post for sale or buy items. The site includes trading segregated by quality, spreadsheets of pricing, and crates of items. The Trade.tf API allows uses to use REST calls to get a spreadsheet to display prices on a user's website. The API returns JSON and an API Key is required for use. An account is required with service.
 Openpay is an integrated service solution for Latin America that allows users to accept and send payments online without dealing with banking systems, compliance, fraud, and security.
The Openpay API allows to handle Charges (from cards, banks and stores), Payouts (to debit cards and banks accounts), Transfers between accounts, Customers, Cards, Bank Accounts, Plans, Subscriptions and Fees. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Unified APIs for inventory, carts, the checkout process, payments and more, so you can focus on creating seamless customer experiences at any scale.
Moltin is a SaaS cloud based eCommerce platform for developers. Moltin provides decoupled components to create customised solutions for websites, mobile and desktop applications, as well as powering physical retail stores through point-of-sale and stock management systems.
Core components of the API include, inventory management (products & variations, categories, collections, brands), carts, orders, customers, addresses, checkout and payment gateways. As a developer you can choose which of these components to use in your project and create completely unique checkout flows without the limitations found in existing e-commerce solutions.
You can use Moltin anywhere to do any kind of commerce you or your client wants in any programming language.
Having one centralized cloud based e-commerce platform allows you to have multiple store fronts across a range of devices. This even allows you to switch out and/or upgrade your front end technology without having to completely migrate between systems.
 Gittip is a weekly crowdfunding "gifting" platform. Users of Gittip can send and received weekly payments to and from other Gittip users.
The Gittip API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gittip with other applications. Some example API methods include returning payment information, retrieving stats, and managing user information.
 SmallInvoice is an invoice servce designed for small and medium sized businesses, as well as freelance workers. The base service is free to use, and additional tiers of service are available. The SmallInvoice API uses REST calls and allows users to perform tasks involving user accounts and invoices. Sample calls include creating invoices, submitting invoices, accepting offers, drafting receipts, and other calls. An account is required with service.
 Imonggo is a web-based point of sale service that provides inventory management, sales analysis, and business intelligence. The Imonggo API allows users to integrate third party applications and website with the Imonggo platform. The API provides primary resources for access such as: products, customers, invoices, documents, and inventories. The API uses REST calls, returns XML, and uses SSL for authentication. An account is required with service.
 Mifos is an organization comprised of microfinance institutions and IT and business professionals who work to expand the technological capacity of micro-lending networks to increase their impact around the world. The Mifos API allows users programmatic access to the Mifos platform through REST calls. An account is required with service.
 Payscape Advisors provides financial tools to help businesses accept payments, streamline their business, and increase cash flow. The Payscape Advisorsâ€™ payment gateway is programmatically accessible through an API.
Applications are able to request transactions through several methods, each with varying ease of integration, features, required resources, and level of security. The API is also able to retrieve transaction data and manage shopping carts.
 CoinPayments is a checkout system for cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Litecoin. Customers click on a link or button on the user's website and get directed to the CoinPayments checkout page to make the payment. Once the transaction is complete, CoinPayments sends the payment to the user, minus transaction fees. Users are notified of every step of the process via Instant Payment Notification (IPN) or polling. The CoinPayments API is designed to allow users to easily integrate the checkout system into their own websites.
 TheCurrencyCloud is an international payment provider that provides payment, conversion, and exchange services. TheCurrencyCloud API allows users to make REST calls to get access to the API, execute a currency trade, create and maintain payment beneficiaries, make international payments, access exchange rate information, and group settled trades. The API will have access account management and contact information in the future. An account is required with service.
 Based in Kenya, Lipisha offers a payment platform for businesses that enables them to collect, process and integrate payments from customers and clients using mobile money such as M-Pesa or Airtel Money.
The Lipisha API allows developers to integrate with the Lipisha payments system. The API carries out a number of activities including creating a new payment account, querying for transactions, Sending mobile money, charge a credit or debit card, transferring funds between different Lipisha accounts, and more.
 Conekta is an online payment platform for Latin American businesses that enables them to process online payments using both online and offline methods. Conekta can be used for any type of transaction such as selling physical products, charging for a service, taking donations, or enabling marketplaces for third parties.
Conekta offers a REST API that provides Merchants and
Marketplaces an easy way to start accepting payments through a website or application. API methods include Charges, Customers, Cards, Subscriptions, Plans and Events. All responses are in JSON, but sessions can be configured to receive responses in XML. An API key is required.
 CityPay is an online payment service that offers a secure payment gateway, enabling merchants to accept payments from a range of environments, from mobile phones and web browsers through to fully integrated solutions.
The CityPay PayPOST API is RESTful payment API used for server to server transactional processing. Merchants can use the API to integrate CityPay payment services into their own applications. The API provides a number of payment mechanisms including fraud protection, preauthorization, and Internet, MOTO, CA transaction processing. The API provides data in XML or JSON.
 Achta is a company based in Ireland that offers cloud based SEPA services for IBAN validation, mandate management, and credit transfers. Achta has extensive experience in advising corporations on cash management payment solutions and how those solutions can be integrated into existing business processes.
Achta offers a realtime payment validation API for their Achtavate service, a cloud based, SEPA-ready payment solution. The API performs IBAN Validation, converts SortCodes and account numbers, checks BIC codes, and validates other payments reference data to ensure SEPA-compliance. An account with service it required.
 Exchange Rate Lab is an exchange rate service that allows users to convert between currencies on the website, or integrate the interface into third-party apps for use in merchant shops and other applications. The Exchange rate Lab API allows users to lookup and perform currency conversions. The API supports JSON and JSONP, while using REST calls. The queried datasets updated hourly. An API Key is required with service.
 Tipalti is a mass payment service. Tipalti allows businesses to pay out vendors, employees, and others globally via multiple methods from ACH to PayPal to wire transfer.
The Tipalti API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Tipalti with other applications. Public documentation is not available, though the API does use SOAP. API access comes with account service.
 Evergreen is a asset-backed digital currency that allows users to exchange euros for evergreens, and use them as payment. The evergreens are exchanged at a 6:1 ratio with Euros, and are backed by a basket of currencies and environmental investments. The Evergreen API uses REST calls and returns JSON. Users can make calls to interface between mobile apps and websites to manipulates wallets containing evergreens. An account is required with service.
 MPower is a payment service that interacts with digital wallets and bank accounts, offering end-to-end online and mobile payment solutions. The MPower API provides programmatic access to those solutions. The API is, for example, able to initiate payment requests, handle direct payments, redirect customers to MPower for checkout, add tax information or custom data to invoices, and more.
 The VivaPayments service allows online store owners to accept payments sent via email, phone, e-banking, or a physical location. VivaPayments also provides next-day deposits, interest-free monthly installments, and support for tax card transactions. The VivaPayments API allows developers to integrate the service with their e-commerce websites via REST calls. The three functions that must be integrated for VivaPayments to work are the abilities to create payment orders, complete payment details, and confirm transactions.
 Feathercoin is a crypto currency similar to others that provide users access to an unregulated market place where savings can be achieved. The Feathercoin API allows users to make calls to get information about the current mining specs, blocks, difficulty, and reward. Users can also make queries to get current exchange rates between feathercoin, fiat currencies, and other crypto currencies. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 InComm Cashtie is an API that allows users to link cash payments to software applications. Cashtie offers solutions for eCommerce providers, retail operations, and other merchants to track and account for cash payments with online systems.
The InComm Cashtie API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cashtie with other applications.
 Payment21 is a digital lockbox that is designed to handle financial data originating from physical checks, ACH payments, and digital wallets. It can also work with payroll, bill pay, and credit card payments. The Payment21 API allows developers to include these alternative payment methods on their website. Several different integration methods are offered that vary in size and scope, including the Payment21 button, the simple API, the SOAP API, and shopping carts that already have Payment21 integrated.
 eThor connects Point of Sale (POS) systems to the cloud, enabling services such as real-time ordering through Facebook, mobile devices, or 3rd party websites and applications. The eThor API is designed to allow developers to build native menu display and ordering experiences into websites and mobile applications. The API is able to retrieve menu information, retrieve or POST orders, and access information describing chains and stores.
 Datafeedr is a system that enables users to create and embed affiliate shops into word press blogs. The Datafeedr API allows users to access sales feed information on over 250,000,000 products and 10,000 merchants to build custom shops as part of an affiliate network. An account is required with service. The API returns JSON formatted data.
 UberGlobal Payment Gateway is an Australian ecommerce payment service that allows merchants to securely complete transactions through their online store. The service also offers real-time analytics to help merchants better understand their business and follow transactions in real time.
The UberGlobal Payment Gateway provides a REST API for the integration of UberGlobal Payment services into third-party application. API methods include Purchases, Tokenization, and Refunds. Responses are returned in JSON and authentication is provided via HTTP Basic Authentication.
 Paysius is a bitcoin payment service that allows customers to use bitcoins to pay merchants. The service offers zero risk of chargeback or payment reversal of any kind due to the use of bitcoin. The Paysius API uses REST calls and returns JSON. The API allows users to make queries to get new bitcoin addresses, send bitcoins, get bitcoin balances. An account is required with service, and an API key is used for authentication
 Penny Currency is a universal electronic payment system that allows customers to make purchases, pay bills, send and receive money payments online. Penny Currency provides a REST API that returns JSON or XML, that enable developers to build custom applications, tools, and services that integrate Penny Currency's functions, as well as automate payment systems. An account is required with service.
 BlockScore is a customer authentication and verification service that aims to assists users with handling the regulatory compliance issues surrounding international payment and transfers. The BlockScore API uses REST calls and allows users to submit data for authentication, off-load data, verify passports, and perform other tasks. An account, and an API key are required for use. SSL is required for all calls.
 RedPass is an affiliate payment service that provides payment, debit, and credit card services for web sites and businesses to pay affiliate marketers around the world. The RedPAss API uses REST calls and allows users to make a number of calls including peer-to-peer transfers, account signup, debug, e-wallet balance, e-wallet statements, sandbox calls, SCI payment, user match, and other calls. An account is required with service.
 InterSwitch is an integrated payment and transaction processing company based out of Nigeria. InterSwitch provides advisory services, technology integration, transaction processing and payment infrastructure to government, banks and corporate organizations.
InterSwitch Connect is a payment platform for developers and merchants. The platform aims to make it easy for developers to get started with integration and provides tools for creating payment related products and solutions. The InterSwitch Connect platform offers REST APIs for their QuickPAY, Autopay and Loyalty services. The QuickTeller API allows Merchants to make payment on the QuickTeller platform and is available Interswitch Partners. The Autopay service enables mass payments to multiple recipients or beneficiaries. The loyalty API enables consumers to track and manage Reward Money balances and transactions.
 Nibl is a hosted payment platform that allows content creators to sell their digital content to mobile and web publishers. Nibl simplifies the payment process by allowing customers to use a single account across the nibl network, thus eliminating the need for publishers to acquire payment and personal information at the point of purchase.
Nibl offers a REST API to partner publishers. Full API documentation is available upon enrollment.
 BitcoinMonitor is a Bitcoin payment solution that doesn't require access to Bitcoin wallets but only facilitates transactions from payer to payee. The BitcoinMonitor API allows users to access several resources on the BitcoinMonitor site including agent resources, address resources, and notification resources. The API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and is free to use.
 SecurePayTech provides businesses with an online payment gateway for authorizing and processing credit card transactions. It also comes with a reporting service that can provide information on both individual transactions and trends over time. Users can access the payment gateway programmatically using either REST or SOAP methods. Sample code is available for PHP, ColdFusion, and ASP.NET.
 SegPay is a billing platform for handling credit cards, checks, and European direct debit authorizations. The platform comes with marketing tools, sales reporting, automated password management, and an online web interface. It can provide payment portals in multiple languages and accept a variety of currencies. Many of SegPay's functions are accessible programmatically via SOAP calls.
 Billogram is cloud based invoicing service that allows small businesses to easily keep track of their cash flow. The service provides real time information about incoming payments as well as the status of invoices.
Billogram offers a REST API that allows third party applications and merchants to create and send invoices through the Billogram platform. Supported actions include Fetch invoice, Create new invoice and Update invoice. Results are delivered as JSON.
 PencePay is an online payment and mobile billing platform for merchants. The PencePay API allows customer applications to integrate mobile billing functionalities. The API supports Premium SMS and Direct Carrier Billing Methods.
evo-snap* didn't extract the description
 Fuze Network is a credit card payment and recharge service. Fuze Network allows users to send money directly to a credit card as a payment, debit card as a deposit or prepaid card as a load. It can be used for online funds disbursement, gifting, shared, me2me and p2p payments or walk-in cash transactions.
The Fuze Network API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fuze Network with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@fuzenetwork.com for API information.
 Jumpseller is a hosted service for creating and managing professional online stores without any technical knowledge. Jumpseller provides a gallery of themes that are compatible with many different kinds of devices. Users also have the option of creating a custom theme or simply embedding Jumpseller within their current website. Jumpseller supports a wide range of payment methods including PayPal, credit cards, bank transfers, and more. Users can alter their websites' and payment gateways' language, currency, shipping cost, and taxes by country or region.
 BeansBooks is a cloud-based accounting service for small and medium sized businesses. The service tracks financial data and progress to make report creation and generations easier. The service also facilitates year end reporting and tax preparation. The BeansBooks API allows users to source entries and vendor information from other related applications. The API can also automate accounting tasks like account creations. The API includes calls for getting account, customer, tax, setup, and vendor information. The services uses REST calls and returns JSON. An API key is required for access.
 Verifone’s Platform allows applications to be added to Point of Sale terminals. The platform is accessible via interaction with the Commerce Applications SDK.
Verifone is a global technology provider for electronic payment and point-of-sale services. The company provides services to the financial, retail, hospitality, government, petroleum and other industries.
 Paysera is an online payment service that allows users to send money, make an online payment, receive money or set up a merchant account. Developers can use Paysera's Wallet API To get information about the Paysera system's users and their accounts and to make payments between Paysera accounts including sending, receiving and coordinating payments. The API is based on REST principles and request content is provided in JSON.
 EgoPay is an e-currency that can be used to pay for goods and services online without having to provide sensitive credit card or bank details. Users can sign up for EgoPay for free without providing any personal information. The EgoPay API allows users to automatically send payments, get information on incoming and outgoing payments, obtain a history of transactions performed, or retrieve information about EgoPay accounts.
 ChargeOver features a RESTful API allowing developers to easily integrate recurring billing and payments into their application or website. Create subscriptions, send invoices, collect payments, and more using the developer-friendly APIs. ChargeOver also offers rich Javascript APIs for PCI-compliant credit card sign-up forms, and JSON-based web hooks to allow ChargeOver to notify your application of events and data changes.
 Groosker is an online shopping solution that eliminates the hassle of entering credit card information by using QR codes to handle payments. Shoppers need only scan the Groosker QR code with their mobile phone, verify the details and accept. Groosker helps merchants lower transactions costs and offer loyalty rewards to customers.
Groosker offers a REST API to merchants and web developers. Example methods include request payment, await payment, accept payment, and decline payment. An API key is required.
 Gharpay is an doorstep cash payment network based in Hyderabad, India. The company offers its services to online merchants whose customers choose to make a cash payment for online transactions. Payments are collected within 24 hours, and settled with 48 hours.
Gharpay offers an API for pushing order information and tracking order statuses. API methods include createOrder, cancelOrder, cancelProductsFromOrder, viewOrderDetails, getCityList, getPincodesInCity, isCityPresent, and more.
 Instamojo is a simple payment system that lets users sell digital creations directly to customers simply by sharing a link. Instamojo provides an out-of-the-box e-commerce framework and takes care of all of the details, from payment to delivery. All the user needs to do is share their link with an audience.
Instamojo offers a REST API for programmatic access to Instamojo services. Use the API to create new offers, edit existing offers, query your own offers, and archive an offer. Registrationand an app ID are required.
 PayZippy is an online payment service for merchants. PayZippy allows merchants to integrate payment processing functionality with their online stores, websites, and applications.
The PayZippy API allows developers to integrate payment via credit cards, debit cards and a number of banks worldwide. Functionality includes processing payments, refunding an existing successful payment, and verifying the status of an existing payment/refund transaction.
 Birdback is an app platform for payment cards providing a card-linked loyalty solution for financial institutions and the development opportunity for apps that consumers can add to their payment cards to be executed at the point of sale. Potential uses could include digital receipt generation, social network check-ins, or rewards. Birdback access is through a RESTful API supporting the development of card-linked applications.
Birdback is first in Europe to let retailers, affiliates and publishers link in-store cashback, vouchers and loyalty schemes directly to customersâ€™ payment cards.
As a result, adoption is many times greater and marketers can gather a more detailed picture of their audience.
 CloudZync is a mobile wallet provider. CloudZync offers a mobile wallet application that allows users to pay with their mobile and redeem vouchers and coupons at merchants. Merchants can accept CloudZync at their locations and for their services.
The CloudZync API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CloudZync with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for API access: cloudzync.com/partner/.
 ALFAcashier is a currency exchange service that also facilitates payment services. The site maintains currency reserves and will exchange singular monetary units for a basket of other currencies. The ALFAcashier API allows users to integrate the currency exchange system into third-party services to allows payment acceptance. The API supports JSON-RPC.
 FastSpring is a complete, cloud-based e-commerce solution for selling digital products worldwide. It provides users with mobile-compatible order pages that can be customized for their brand. Its payment system offers customers a wide variety of payment options and is capable of handling subscriptions, refunds, in-app purchasing, and international tax collection. FastSpring provides download-file hosting for the user's digital products as well as DRM support.
FastSpring can help users manage reseller partners and multiple stores. They also provide consultations in the areas of SEO, affiliate programs, and online marketing. Analytics services, A/B split testing, and a pre-launch testing environment are provided to help users optimize their order pages. Customer surveys are supported as well.
The FastSpring API allows users to retrieve, update, cancel, and renew subscriptions as well as retrieve information on individual orders and generate coupons. These functions are accessible via REST calls issued in XML format.
 Paytrail is a Finnish online payment service that aims to help companies provide a pleasant shopping experience for their customers. The service allows customers to make purchases using their preferred payment method whether it is online bank payments, card payments, invoicing, or installments. Paytrail also offers an account for consumers that allows them to use one login for all their online purchases. The Paytrail Connect REST API offers programmatic access to Paytrail services. An account with service is required.
 Simple Legal is a legal billing and payment service. In addition to sending legal bills and receiving payments, Simple Legal also scans bills for potential duplicate charges and fraudulent charges and alerts the customer.
The Simple Legal API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Simple Legal with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
 SlidePay is a credit card payment acceptance service. SlidePay allows merchants and users to accept swiped credit card payments in their applications on a variety of platforms.
The SlidePay API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SlidePay with other applications. Some example API methods include processing payments, retrieving payments, and sending receipts.
 App55 is a UK-based online payment service that enables merchants, websites and mobile application developers to offer their customers secure, one-click payments for products or services via any internet-enabled device.
App55 offers a restful API for access to their payment services. Use the API to send requests to the App55 platform in order to manage users, manage cards, and perform transactions. Responses are returned in JSON or JSONP. Authentication is via API key.
 Inputs.io is a secure payment service that allows users to store use Bitcoins for payment. The service uses two factor authentication for security and is designed to enable users to get a wallet and start utilizing it with speed and ease. The Inputs.io API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to get balances, get last transactions, send transactions, get transaction details, sign and verify messages, and generate/redeem vouchers. An account is required with service.
 Paddle is an online and mobile payment application. Paddle allows merchants to accept payments via Paddle online and in applications and allows users to pay with Paddle, encrypting their credit card and delivery information in the cloud so they don't have to enter it each time.
The Paddle API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Paddle with other applications. Some example API methods include adding Paddle buttons on sites and applications, accepting payments, and reviewing transactions.
 Judo Pay is a platform to build complete mobile payment solutions and applications. Judo Pay allows for mobile payment solution customization and addition of a variety of features.
The Judo Pay API allows developers to access the functionality of Judo Pay with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving transactions, listing transactions, and accepting transactions.
 PassVerse provides for generating and updating passes for Apple's Passbook. PassVerse allows developers to create and manage passes, tickets, coupons, and more for Passbook.
The PassVerse API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassVerse with other applications. Some example API methods include creating passes, managing passes, and creating and managing pass templates.
 Shopgate provides mobile shopping solutions for commerce, providing merchants with tools to create mobile shopping websites and connecting shoppers to thousands of shopping apps with a single registration.
The Shopgate Merchant API provides a developer interface enabling orders and items to be manage automatically. Supported functions include order list retrieval with filtering, order details retrieval, and item or category manipulation. The API accepts HTTPS POST calls and returns JSON formatted responses
 The CoinJar Exchange Trading API enables developers to manage accounts, orders, and trades from third-party applications. CoinJar is a cryptocurrency wallet that supports Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ripple, Ethereum, and more. It can be used to send, receive, and store cryptocurrencies. The CoinJar Exchange Trading API uses RESTful calls over SSL and supports JSON requests and responses.
 FirstACH is a business and eCommerce payment solution. FirstACH can be integrated with business and account management software and applications to make and receive payments.
The FirstACH API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of FirstACH with other applications and systems. Some example API methods include automating transactions, retrieving payment information, and managing account information. API documentation is available to registered users.
 AltaPay is a payment management company that offers technical processing and complete end to end reconciliation of payments across Europe, Asia and the US. The AltaPay technical payment gateway solution allows for the continuous addition of alternative payment methods and mechanisms, as well as certification into additional financial institutions across the world, allowing business to respond quickly to client requirements. AltaPay offers an API for developers. Full documentation is available by request.
 Quickpay is an online payment solution for merchants that allows the secure integration of credit and debit cards with an arbitrary site on the Internet. The service works with all major credit cards as well as Paypal, Sofort Banking, and other e-banking facilities.
The QuickPay API enables merchants to handle payments in a simple manner. Based on SSL encrypted HTTP communication, all actions are performed by sending a HTTP POST request. Responses are sent as an XML document.
 Envoy Services is a global payment gateway that provides access to over 200 local payment services. Envoy users can accept payments using services like eWallets, real-time bank transfers, vouchers, and prepaid cards. The Envoy payment gateway can be customized to suit the user's brand. Envoy Services also comes with fraud screening services to help protect merchants from fraudulent activity. The Merchants API provides Envoy users with access to their payment portals via SOAP calls.
 SPHERE.IO is the first and leading platform-as-a-Service eCommerce solution. Built to serve eCommerce and mCommerce that include features like product information management (PIM), customer management and order management. SPERE.IO allows developers to build any kind of eCommerce/multi-channel-application for web, mobile, app or in-app scenario.
The SPHERE.IO API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SPHERE.IO with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving product information, managing product information, and managing account information.
 Bitcoin-Contact is a site that lets users receive and send messages to Bitcoin Addresses. They aim to all Bitcoin owners to validate the identity of those they are speaking/exchanging with, and simplify otherwise anonymous communication. The Bitcoin-Contact API allows users to make queries that return Bitcoin addresses associated with an email address, and return public information on identities associated with a Bitcoin address.
 BitMarket is a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows users to buy and sell Bitcoins in a variety of currencies. The BitMarket API allows users to submit REST requests to get the market volume, min and max prices for all currencies, get active currency offers, and get latest completed transactions. An account is required with service and SSL is used for authentication.
 PikaPay is a mobile virtual wallet for sending and receiving Bitcoin payments via Twitter. The PikaPay API provides a RESTful interface for the same wallet functionality as exposed through the PikaPay web interface. The API currently supports payments and payment requests, user details requests, and account setting management. More resources are under construction. All calls require HTTPS.
btcto didn't extract the description
 CoinCard is a service that allows users to submit Bitcoins and receive giftcards in return. The CoinCard API can convert Bitcoins into giftcards and allows users to structure requests to include the type of giftcard, the card amount, the currency to put the card in, the email to send the giftcard to, and a test run. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 PayNetEasy is a payment service that handles payment processing, payment management, fraud prevention, security analysis, and mobile payment. The service is targeted towards banks, credit card companies, loyalty card operators, and other payment services. The PayNetEasy API allows users to complete Bitcoin transactions. The API can return the transaction type, status, bitcoin address, paynet order id, merchant order id, and several other calls. The service uses REST calls and uses SSL for authentication.
 A DoneCard is a type of cash card that can be used for online, mobile, and in-person transactions. The card does not require a bank account and can only be used to spend as much money as is placed on it by the cardholder. The DoneCard API allows users to manage card transactions and orders, get card details, and to verify their cards and transactions.
 Celery is an application that lets businesses and merchants accept pre-orders and allow customers to pre-pay for goods and services.
The Celery API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Celery with other applications. Some example API methods include managing orders, managing account information, and managing products.
 LitePay-App is a web payment service that handles payment for merchants utilizing litecoins. The service takes orders, issues a litecoin pay address to the customer to use, and confirms payment to the merchant. The Litepay-App API allows users to request a litecoin address and confirm a payment. The service uses REST calls, returns JSON, and uses Access Tokens for authentication.
 Unocoin aims to be a centralized location for all Bitcoin information. It provides lists of forums, news, mining technology, Bitcoin wallets, and other information. The The Unocoin API allows users to display payment instructions on a merchant site, receive notification with payment and status, submit an order in over 30 currencies, and receive payouts to bank accounts in 9 countries. The API is based on JSON, an account is required with service.
 CatLab Interactive is a computer game and browser based game development community. The CatLab Bitcoin Gateway is a user interface designed to ease the bitcoin transfer process. The service uses an API key, returns JSON, and cost 1% of transferred amount, plus a transaction fee. Instead of a pop up or third party service, users are able to type in the address to send the Bitcoin to, and the rest is done on the backend.
 BitMyMoney is a Netherlands based payment service that allows users to accept and make payments in Bitcoins as well as hold their Bitcoin investments securely offline. The BitMyMoney API allows users to make call to get the Bitcoin exchange rate for current Euro transactions, start a transaction, see a payment page, check a transaction status, and make other payment related calls. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON or JSONP. An account is required with service, and SSL is used for security.
 BIPS is an online payment service that allows users to buy, sell, trade, withdraw and accept Bitcoins as payment. The BIPS API allows the users to send bitcoins, get the balance of the user's account, and export transactions. The service uses REST calls. An account and an API Key are required to use the API.
 Pin Payments is a multi-currency payment system that accepts payment from an Visa or MasterCard debit or credit card both locally and internationally. The service operates without requiring a merchant account or an extensive process for application. The Pin Payments API uses REST calls and returns JSON. SSL is required for use, and a unique API key is required for each service endpoint.
 MangoPay is a full-stack payment platform for accepting online payments and managing e-money. It gives users the ability to create e-wallets, transfer money between e-wallets, allow group payments, hold escrow funds, and collect fees in a variety of ways. MangoPay provides advanced payment features such as recurring payments, single-click payments, and refunds on cards. The platform accepts payments from more than 150 countries in the local currencies. MangoPay's functions can be accessed programmatically via REST API.
 Ribbon is an online retail platform that enables its users to sell all kinds of goods and services, both physical and digital. After creating an account and adding their products, sellers receive a unique link to each product that can be shared anywhere, including social media sites. Customers can click on the link and make purchases without having to leave what they were doing before. Ribbon comes with fully-encrypted, secure payment infrastructure for processing debit and credit cards. The Ribbon API allows its users to add and retrieve product information as well as get order information.
 Fusebill is an online platform for billing, payments, and subscription plans for recurring payments. Fusebill offers automation for invoicing and receiving payments.
The Fusebill API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fusebill with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email sales@fusebill.com for more information.
 Gyft is a digital gift card platform that enables users to manage mobile gift cards and use mobile gift cards at retailers and businesses, as well as send other people gift cards with their mobile phones.
The Gyft API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gyft with other applications and to create new applications. This API uses API Keys for authentication.
 CardFlight is an in-application payment service. CardFlight allows application owners and developers to access credit card payments in their applications.
The CardFlight API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CardFlight with other applications. The main API methods are handling a payment transaction and generating the transaction response.
 CompraFÃ¡cil provides a payment platform that allows any member company (Partner) to generate Referrals for payments with a debit card, online banking, or by cash. By issuing calls through CompraFÃ¡cil's SOAP API, users can save purchase information, get information about orders placed, and find out the current status of an order. The CompraFÃ¡cil website is provided solely in Portuguese.
 Strongcoin is a hybrid wallet Bitcoin service. The wallet is browser encrypted to prevent anyone from having access to the Bitcoin address except the owner. The service does not require a specified Bitcoin address format, so users can move coins to and from to other services without needing to alter an address. StrongCoin merchant API allows users to accept Bitcoins as payments on merchant websites. The API functions allow users to create orders and handle payment notifications.
 SecureTrading is a UK based online secure payment service that processes billions of dollars annually. The SecureTrading API allows users to automate refunds and authorization reversals and control settlement schedules. Users can also integrate a payment service into back-office or legacy system. The API uses REST protocols and returns XML.
 Rixty is an alternative payment system that uses cash and coins rather than a credit card or other payment method that could expose sensitive information online. Users can convert their cash to digital currency in the form of a code at any of 75,000 stores in the US or nearly 500,000 locations worldwide. They can then spend that money on multiplayer online games, casual games, virtual worlds, and all types of digital content simply by redeeming the received code. Codes can also be redeemed on a publisher's website by using the Rixty payment API.
 KashFX is a we-based commodities, currency, futures, credit, and equity trading platform that offers browser-based front-end so that the entire service is accessible via the web. The service has a 3 millisecond transaction time in its futures markets, and also offers trading in energy markets. The KashFX API permits user to access and integrate the trading functionality of the KashFX platform with third-party applications. An account is required with service, the API uses SOAP protocols, and SSL and an API key are used for authentication.
 Shoebooks is a fully featured online accounting and payroll solution that is based in Australia. The Shoebooks SOAP interface ensures that all business rules and data structure complies with the Shoebooks accounting and payroll system. The Shoebooks API allows users to create/edit customers, supplier or employee records, Create new invoices or bills, apply receipts to invoices and payments to bills, as well as create and lookup banking transactions.
 Astutepayroll.com handles the payroll and timekeeping for businesses around the world, and offers a 99.9% uptime guarantee. The astutepayroll.com API can be used to integrate the astutepayroll.com application with third-party applications and data. The API also provide mechanisms that enable the user to customize the astutepayroll.com user interface with custom components and validations. An account is required with service. Documentation is not publicly available.
 PaymentEvolution is a secure online payroll service aimed at small and mid-sized businesses in Canada. The PaymentEvolution Payroll API supports calculations from simple federal/provincial deductions through to more complex custom benefits and earnings. Common API requests include simple deduction calculations based on current tax tables - users can input a standard set of variables to receive the calculated result, custom deductions, benefits and earnings - to extend the API to include any number of custom calculations. An account is required with service.
 KeyPay is a cloud-based payroll and accounting service for Australian employers. The service allows users to make automate simple functions, allows them the flexibility to configure the system, and integrate the services with other applications. The KeyPay YourPayroll API allows users to query for a list of businesses, locations, work types, employees, time sheets, pay categories, and other payroll information. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account is required with service and authentication is preformed using SSL and API keys.
 Genie Cashbox is a communication and payment processing service that plends products and services to facilitate business operations and member to member payments. The Genie Cashbox API allows users to GET and POST transaction and payment information. The service uses REST calls and uses SSL for authentication. An account is required with service.
 Yandex is a major Russia-based internet company and search engine with the stated mission of answering any question internet users may have. In 2012 Yandex handled the majority of all search traffic in Russia.
Yandex.Money is an online payment system allowing merchants and customers to sell and purchase goods and services. The Yandex.Money API provides a developer interface for automating manipulation of Yandex.Money accounts. Exposed resources include payment, payment history analysis, and transaction history synchronization.
 The service provides financial functions and account management for applications used by customers to interact with the French bank. Functionality helps developers to register with the provider's CAS Store repository to display applications for smartphones and allow users to install them on their own devices. The service allows developers to implement credit card account management and other banking functions.
API methods support registration of new applications with the repository and update those listings over time. Methods support interactions with a user's credit card account and updates to bank account access credentials. The API implements its own geolocation service based on the city, street address, or longitude/latitude coordinates.
 The service provides payment management for e-commerce and other merchants in Norway. The provider offers both hosted white-label checkout pages and full integration via a RESTful API. Payment processing can resolve through either the Visa or MasterCard networks.
API methods support the full payment process to complete financial transactions, beginning with authentication and submission of order number, product, and balance owed. Methods support pre-authorizing payment, user confirmation, transaction completion and funds capture. Options also include nullifying a pending transaction, crediting a refund for a cancelled sale, and inquiring about status of a pending payment.
 The service provides online payment processing for e-commerce vendors and integration with other applications. It aims to ensure PCI compliance with options for transparent redirects, white-label hosted checkout functions, or API integration. Payment options include credit and debit cards as well as automated clearinhouse (ACH) transfers.
API methods support submission of transaction information for payment, including vendor, product information, balanced owed, and credit card or other payment account information. Methods support pre-authorization of payment amount and final confirmation of funds transfer. The API also allows for scheduled recurring billing for subscriptions and other time-based payments.
 BillingOrchard is an online billing system. BillingOrchard offers automated billing, online invoicing and online payments, reporting, and integrations with other systems.
The BillingOrchard API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of BillingOrchard with other applications. Some example API methods include managing functions, managing account information, and checking out methods.
 mPAY24 is an online payment platform that combines many frequently-used and innovative payment systems within one interface. Available payment methods include credit and debit cards, national and international online banking payments, direct debit, prepaid systems, mpass, paybox, PayPal, and others.
mPAY24 also provides an intelligent transaction management and reporting tool that simplifies the validation, recording, and administration of all transactions processed through mPAY24. The entire system is easily integrated into most online shops and e-commerce systems using the mPAY24 SOAP API.
The mPAY24 website and documentation are provided in English, German, Hungarian, and Slovak.
 Tinypass is an e-commerce platform. Tinypass allows website and application owners to integrate e-commerce services with their applications and websites to charge for content and services.
The Tinypass API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Tinypass with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include searching for subscriptions, managing subscriptions, and managing user accounts.
 WalletKit is a service to create passes, tickets, coupons, and more for mobile wallets, such as PassBook. Developers can create passes and tickets for Apple's PassBook and other mobile wallets.
The WalletKit API allows developers to integrate the functionality of WalletKit with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include creating and managing passes, retrieving pass templates, and posting passes.
 Metanga is an online billing and subscription payment service. Metanga offers merchants tools and features to bill for and accept payments for services and goods, either one-time payments or recurring subscription billing.
The Metanga API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Metanga with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, managing and editing product and price information, and managing billing. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for more information: http://www.metanga.com/billing-system-demo-request/.
 Lexity Commerce Central is an online commerce platform. Lexity allows users to bill and accept payments online for goods and services.
The Lexity API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Lexity with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving payment information, and managing product and pricing information.
 PayLane is an online payment platform. PayLane offers online payment services for merchants in a variety of languages and in a variety of currencies and payment methods.
The PayLane API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayLane with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving payment information, and managing payments.
 The PCI-compliant service provides online payment processing to merchants across Europe and South Africa via several different methods suited to different sets of needs and merchant capabilities. Methods range from payment buttons directing buyers to the provider's interface through white-label options to full API integration of credit and debit card processing. Available payment options support subscription payments with recurring invoicing and highly secure options with fraud prevention.
API methods support submission of merchant information including product purchased and transaction amount and buyer information such as name, billing address, and card or payment account information. Methods interact with card associations Visa, MasterCard/Maestro, American Express, and Diners Club or a number of partner banks to preauthorize payment and complete funds capture. Methods also support transaction inquiries, transaction voids, and refunds. Advanced methods allow scheduling of recurring subscription payments and fraud detection.
 Webteh is Croatian based ISO/MSP/PSP registered and licensed for differnet banks in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro with presence in UK for EU based Merchants (Webteh LTD) and USA (Webteh Inc.) for USA based Merchants. The company provides WebPay, a PCI-compliant, secure payment processing via a white-label hosted interface or full integration based on its REST API. Transactions are resolved through global payment networks such as Visa and MasterCard/Maestro using registered merchant accounts and buyer profiles. Available services include transaction status inquiries, refunds, and scheduled installment payments.
API methods support submission of a transaction for payment, with merchant identifier, product purchased, and payment amount along with buyer profile identifier and payment card information to generate preauthorization codes. Completion of a preauthorized payment generates transaction status updates and transfers funds. Methods also support inquiries about previously submitted transactions and cancellations.
 The service provides payment functionality within the Philippines without processing through debit and credit card accounts. It routes secure payment transactions through funds transfers via that nation's bank network, merchants like convenience stores and pawnshops, and bill payment services. It is intended to provide secure payment processing for market segments that are not dependent on credit cards.
API methods support submission of transaction details such as seller, product purchased, and payment amount along with buyer information including payment account details. The API processes payments and returns confirmation of the transaction status. Methods also support transaction status inquiries, payment cancellation, and retrieval of billing information.
 The service from Germany provides payment processing for small amounts of money, especially suited to fees for software downloads, content access, and other inexpensive online services. It consolidates functions for conventional debit and credit card charges as well as payments triggered by phone calls or other interactions with mobile devices along with selective disbursement of prepaid account balances. Sellers register accounts with the service, but buyers need not create accounts to submit payments.
API methods support call2pay, a set of functions for one-time payment events or scheduled invoicing for recurring charges triggered via mobile devices. Methods also support disbursement of prepayments by authorized bank transfer as well as conventional charges to credit card and debit card numbers.
 The PayWay REST API is a simple, secure, internet-based solution to collect and manage customer payments. The PayWay Net module allows you to; Create a check-out or donations page and process one-time credit card payments, Maintain full control over the customer experience and styling, Store credit card and bank account details in the PayWay Customer Vault, Take payments using the stored details individually or using a file, Open virtual accounts for customers who pay you by direct debit/pay anyone, Process a file of credit card payments, Download reports indicating which payments were approved or declined, Download a machine readable file listing all received payments for a day and more. PayWay supports direct debit, credit card, BPAY and Australia “Post” payments, that enables customers to pay over the counter, online or over the phone.
 SeQR Pay provides a new way to purchase products. The basic concept is that products, product packaging, and advertisements have unique SeQR Pay QR codes on them so that anyone may scan that QR code and purchase the product using the SeQR Pay app. As a results, users no longer need to go to a store or website to make purchases. The user's payment information and shipping address are stored on SeQR Pay's secure server and only needs to be entered once.
So far, only a few brands have incorporated SeQR Pay technology. However, the SeQR Pay API still appears to be functional. It includes functions for both customers and merchants who want to integrate the SeQR Pay functions with other application or services.
 The service headquartered in the UK provides payment processing for e-commerce transactions and other online exchanges. It can verify validity and credit limits for credit and debit cards, then complete real-time payment and transfer funds to the seller's account. Payment options include Visa, MasterCard/Maestro, and Paypal.
API methods support secure, real time payment processing. Methods handle pre-authorization for credit and debit card number and transaction amount, providing an authorization code for use in completing payment. Methods also clear payments through the card provider's system and return confirmation of the funds transfer to both buyer and seller.
 Chargebee is a subscription billing service for recurring charges for software as a service (SaaS) subscriptions.
The Chargebee API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Chargebee with other applications. Some example API methods include managing customer information, managing subscriptions, and retrieving information about subscriptions.
 The service provides online shopping cart services to be integrated with web pages either via Javascript or via REST web service requests. Implementation options include linking to white-label pages on the provider's site and processing cart updates and payment requests via API calls. Functions include add to cart, view and update existing cart items, remove items, and process credit card payments.
API methods support adding a product to the buyer's shopping cart with specified quantity and product options then completing credit card prequalification and final payment. Methods also allow review of pending cart items and updating the cart. The API allows retrieval of shipping data and processing of return authorizations and refunds to the purchaser's credit card.
 The service provides payment processing for e-commerce and other online transactions within Australia. It works through Australian banks to verify customer accounts and availability of funds, then completes credit card processing to transfer funds to a seller. Batching functions retry transactions that fail initially due to problems with a bank's processing system. Because it remains independent of banks, sellers can change banking relationships without reconfiguring online payment functionality.
API methods support payment submission using popular credit cards Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Diners Club, among others. Methods interact with issuing banks to pre-authorize cards and verify available account balances, then obtain buyer confirmation and complete payment processing. The API also handles refunds for cancelled or returned purchases.
 MYSuite is an electronic billing service for companies that do business in Mexico, especially independent, small, and medium companies. MYSuite is also an authorized provider of Digital Online Tax Receipts (CFDI). As a result, customers can use MYSuite to generate, deliver, receive, and store bills in a manner that complies with Mexican laws regarding online billing. MYSuite's functions can be accessed programmatically via SOAP API.
 Facturar en LÃ­nea (FEL) provides Mexican companies with electronic billing services. These services adhere to Mexico's legal requirements regarding the use of CFDIs in online billing. CFDI stands for Comprobantes Fiscales Digitales por Internet (trans. Digital Online Tax Receipts). The Remote Connection API provides programmatic access to FEL's billing services via SOAP calls issued in XML format. The FEL website is provided solely in Spanish.
 CrowdTilt is an online group fundraising site. CrowdTilt offers features for users to create their own crowd-funding sites to raise money for various reasons and sites to allow for group funding.
The CrowdTilt API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CrowdTilt with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include accessing user information, accessing campaign information, and managing campaigns.
 Ukash is a form of eMoney - it is treated exactly like cash, but it is spent online. Ukash is useful for those who donâ€™t have a credit or debit card, or who donâ€™t want to use their card to pay online. Customers exchange cash for a unique 19-digit Ukash code and use it to pay at the thousands of websites that accept Ukash. It can also be used to load prepaid cards and eWallets. If the Ukash code is more than the value of the purchase, change will be refunded as a new code. Ukash is available in over 55 countries at outlets that include shops, petrol stations, kiosks, ATMs, and online.
 SumUp is a service that allows users to accept and process credit card payments via mobile devices with the SumUp application.
The SumUp API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SumUp with other applications. Example API methods include managing account information and accepting and processing payments.
 Kusinaatbp is an online database of Filipino recipes. It provides recipes for traditional Filipino and Filipinized dishes ranging from the very popular to the very unique.
The Kusinaatbp website also provides a Market Place where people can advertise items they wish to sell or buy. Kusinaatbp uses the PayPlus software to enable people to make purchases through the website. This implementation comes with an API that allows people to make purchases programmatically via SOAP calls.
 The service provides online payments via direct interaction with the buyer's bank to order a payment and the merchant's bank to deliver the payment. A seller application provides for product selection and purchase, then hands off the transaction to the payment service. It establishes contact with the buyer's bank on the buyer's behalf and submits a payment request URL. It then generates a credit URL for the seller's bank to complete transfer of the funds.
API methods support listing of banks that interact with the service, allowing an application to let the buyer choose. Methods then generate the payment request in the format accepted by the chosen bank and the confirmation notice to the seller's bank. "Nudge" methods provide updates to the buyer and seller upon completion of the transaction.
 PayJunction is a secure credit card processing service. Users of PayJunction can accept credit card payments on their websites, in their offices/stores, and via mobile phones.
The PayJunction API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayJunction with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving receipts and electronic signatures, managing payments, and accessing customer details.
 Merchee is an online and mobile application that allows users to accept payments and manage recurrent payments and subscription billing for their goods and services.
The Merchee API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Merchee with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing user information, managing customer information, and retrieving transaction details.
 Bitfloor is an online bitcoin trading platform. Users can trade bitcoins and transfer funds to accounts and wire payments.
The Bitfloor API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Bitfloor with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving market data, managing account information, and creating and managing orders.
 The service from Russia processes payments for online transactions such as e-commerce purchases. It is offered as a payment method option alongside credit cards and other methods. It generates an invoice for a completed transaction for online delivery to the buyer. Upon transfer of funds from the buyer, the service triggers fulfillment of the purchased good or service and brokers payment to the seller. This clearinghouse function protects sellers from defaulted payments while saving buyers from the need to create payment accounts with multiple sellers all holding their personal information.
API methods support submission of a transaction for payment and delivery of an invoice to the buyer. Methods support collection of funds from buyer and distribution to seller, along with the resulting trigger to fulfill delivery of the purchased product.
 Zeevex is a virtual currency sold on gift cards in retailers across the USA, and designed to be used for online games and other digital content. The Zeevex Game Wallet provides a RESTful interface for merchants to interact directly with purchase requests.
 Tejarat Bank offers online payment services through its Payment Gateway. Users can designate up to 5 accounts from which they would like to withdraw funds for transfer operations. The accounts receiving funds (remittance accounts) may belong to the user or to others. The Payment Gateway can be accessed programmatically using a SOAP API. The maximum transferable amount is currently 20,000,000 Iranian rial per working day. The website is provided in Persian with translations available in English, French, and German.
 cashU is an online payment service provider that focuses on serving the Middle East and North Africa. They provide global and regional online merchants with a suite of payment solutions designed to cater to the local culture and to Arabic online buying habits. Today, cashU serves online shoppers in all Arabic-speaking and surrounding countries, giving people the opportunity to buy online regardless of age, income, nationality, or banking contacts.
cashU is built on and around sophisticated, up-to-date fraud prevention and AML systems, reducing the risks associated with online payments for both buyers and sellers. cashU's online payment services can be accessed programmatically using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 instantPay.in is a provider of anytime, anywhere access to users' day to day Mobile & Data Card Top-ups, DTH Recharges and Utility Bill Payments via easy to integrate API. The API is compatible on all platforms. Interested developers can contact the provider for information about partnerships and API documentation.
 The service provides secure online payments for e-commerce and other online transactions via websites and mobile apps. A buyer establishes a confirmed account balance with the service prior to making the purchase and receives a voucher with a personal 16-digit PIN. The buyer can then enter the PIN to complete the purchase and release funds to the seller. The exchange is completed without entering personal data and storing it on a device or releasing it to the seller.
API methods support identifying a specific customer account with the payment service and submitting a current purchase transaction for payment against the account. Methods also support customer authorization of the payment and processing the transaction through release of funds to the seller. The API provides for notification of transaction completion to both buyer and seller.
 Clearhaus is an emerging European payment transaction provider. The Clearhaus Gateway API provides a RESTful interface for processing transactions. Endpoints are discoverable directly through the API, with supported calls including, debits, credits, and much more.
 Clearhaus is an emerging European payment transaction provider. The Clearhaus Resolve API provides resource discoverability services including chargebacks, data uploads, and retrieval requests. Endpoints are discoverable directly through the API.
bambora,-north-america didn't extract the description
 Chase Paymentech is an online payment system that provides credit card processing and online merchant services. They specialize in Card-Not-Present (CNP) payments for businesses of all sizes. For companies that sell abroad, they offer customized international processing solutions and guidance on accepting credit card payments overseas. For small or growing merchants, they can provide assistance with the payment process and help plan for expansion.
The Chase Paymentech payment system is accessible for registered users to the Chase / J.P. Morgan developer center, which includes services for E‑commerce Card Not Present, Chase Pay & Other Digital Wallets, Retail Card Present and International Payments.
 Barzahlen is a german based payment system that allows users to shop online, select Barzahlen as a payment method, print out a purchase form or receive a purchase form by SMS, then pay in person at a Barzahlen partner store. This approach aims to make online shopping more secure by allowing online selection, but in person payment. The Barzahlen API is available to allow users to integrate online shops with the Barzahlen payment system and includes merchandise management and back-end systems. The API is a JSON-based REST interface.
 Wirecard is an online payment processing solution that offers, personal, prepaid, wireless, and corporate payment services. The Wirecard API is offered as an option for integration in it's e-commerce payment processing service. The API allows users to accept and deliver payments, process returns, offer subscription payment systems, and other functions. The Wirecard API is a REST-based interface.
 AmberCart is an eCommerce service that allows users to add eCommerce functionality to websites and applications. AmberCart allows users to accept payments online and ship products.
The AmberCart Shipping API allows developers to access and integrate accurate shipping rates from USPS, UPS, and FedEx with other websites and applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
 Bitpay is an online payment service that uses bitcoins. Users can submit orders in over 30 currencies, display payment instructions, receive payment notifications, and receive payouts to banks in 9 countries. The BitPay API allows users to create an invoice, fetch an invoice status, and receive invoice status updates. The service uses REST calls and will return JSON. SSL and an API keys are used for authentication.
 The Russian-language service provides online payment processing for e-commerce and other exchanges. It frees a seller to handle all aspects of product display and merchandising then interface with the web service to complete payment transfer and conclude a transaction. In addition to balance transfers, the service provides status messages at each stage to move a buyer through the purchase process.
API methods support debits against a buyer's account and credits to the seller's account, once the buyer has completed selection and entered the payment process. Methods also support refunds from seller to buyer, collection and reporting on user statistics, filterable summaries of transactions processed, and detailed information about a particular transaction.
 Yootles is a group prediction and decision making mechanism that also includes a system for establishing social IOUs. Yootles uses a REST-style API to allows users to integrate the IOU service into other applications and make calls remotely to send, update, and track IOUs between users. An account is required with service, and an API Key must be obtained to use the API.
 EasyACH is a payment processing service that allows users to accept payments from customers using bank accounts and cease the use of paper checks. The EasyACH Paycenter API enables users to add, edit, and view bank accounts, add cancel and view subscriptions for re-occurring payments, star debits, credits, cancel transactions, refund payments and perform various other functions. The API uses REST calls and returns XML.
 [MerchantWARE is now Cayan, and has the following APIs available for consumption: Cayan Genius Transaction Processing, Cayan Genius Line Item Display, and Cayan Merchantware Soap. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
Merchant Warehouse is a payment processing provider offering the MerchantWare suite. The suite is a web-based payment gateway and virtual terminal that lets merchants securely process transactions and manage their merchant account. MerchantWare supports batch processing and multiple user login access for enhanced account and user management, virtual terminal back-up capabilities, advanced transaction reporting and more.
The API allows merchants to integrate payment processing functionality into their own software products and POS systems. Interested developers should contact the provider for more information.
 The service provides payment functionality based on an escrow system in which funds are held for distribution when terms of sale are completed, as when a product is delivered. It provides tools for stating and revising offer terms until both parties agree, then it accepts and holds payment until the party paying agrees to release the funds. The neutral third party helps to ensure agreement on terms and fulfillment of both delivery and payment, which encourages trust between parties unfamiliar to one another.
API methods support creating a "Transpact" agreement between contracting parties and confirming fulfillment to allow dispersal of funds or voiding an agreement previously created. Methods also support listing of a party's current and past agreements to allow risk assessment.
 Mollie is a Netherlands based SMS provider of both SMS and payments services. Through Mollie, customers can use iDEAL, the most widely used online payment method in the Netherlands. Other payment services include the use of the paysafecard, the most widely used prepaid card for online payments, pay per call, pay per minute, and pay per SMS.
The Payments APIs are a suite of APIs that give developers access to the payment functionalities of Mollie. These include iDEAL payments, integrating paysafecard functionality into a website, phone based micropayments and more. The APIs uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML. The site and documentation are in Dutch.
 Guardian is a provider of payment processing solutions used to improve routing, connectivity and integration; reduce transactional and operational costs; increase security; and improve payment information management.
Guardian's Payment Director is for users that have a current payment platform but have payment processing needs such as executive-level summary reports and trend analysis and tokenization of credit card numbers and ACH information. A suite of APIs is available including real-time credit card authorization, charge and refund; batch credit card authorization and charges; ACH and remote deposit capture check and ACH and credit card account tokenization. The APIs use SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The service headquartered in Thailand provides for online payments by credit card through familiar networks such as Paypal, MasterCard, Visa, and others. It enables e-commerce and online business overall by quickly and securely processing payments. Sample code is available for PHP/MySQL and .NET environments.
API methods support retrieving invoice data and status information about an invoice. Methods also support uploading current payment information including payor, card and account information, and purchase invoice including product and price. The API also manages currency rates and other details of international transactions.
bank-of-lithuania-payments didn't extract the description
 The Postcode Everywhere API provided by AFD Software enables developers to look up addresses and banking information programmatically. API calls enable users to search for addresses based on a free-text search string, some or all fields of the address, or a postcode. Additional calls are provided for validating bank account or credit card details, looking up bank details, and searching for banks matching certain parameters. These services are accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 PassSlot is a service for developers for Passbook integration with their applications. Developers can create passes and tickets for Apple's PassBook.
The PassSlot API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassSlot with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving passes, creating and editing passes and templates, and retrieving information associated with passes.
 PassKit is a pass and ticket generator for Apple's PassBook. PassKit offers templates and designs for event tickets, coupons, giftcards, and boarding passes.
The PassKit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassKit with PassBook and other applications. Public documentation is not available; instructions for API access can be found here: http://passk.it/.
 PassSource is a service for creating passes and tickets for Apple's PassBook. PassSource offers templates for various "passes," such as event tickets, boarding passes, giftcards, and coupons.
The PassSource API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassSource with PassBook and other applications. Some example API methods include creating passes, uploading passes, scanning passes, and retrieving information about passes.
 PassDock is a service that allows users to create and generate "passes" and content for Apple's PassBook. PassDock offers various templates to create boarding passes, event tickets, coupons, and store cards for PassBook.
The PassDock API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassDock with PassBook and other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving templates, creating passes, posting passes, and deleting passes.
 Batchex is an online payment solutions provider. They offer sellers, retailers, and other businesses tools for streamlined billing processes. Their payment distribution service allows users to upload payout data and set up billing schedules. Batchex will interpret the data and send payments as checks or electronically. Batchex will also provide reports on payment statuses and processing. The Batchex API exposes uploading functionality that allows users to load up payout reports and data.
 Taulia is a supply chain management and vendor service that allows users to integrate supplier data into current workflow solutions, send e-invoices and business documents, and build discounting capabilities. The API also enables users to get lists of recently created or updated documents, perform analysis of invoices and request early payment, programmatically access all of the Taulia Vendor Portal functions, and connect with messaging systems to stay in contact with customers and suppliers. The service uses REST calls. Submit a request to gain access to the SDKs.
 The service, based in Sweden, provides services for mobile devices including messaging and online payments via all mobile operator networks. It enables both SMS text messaging and MMS multimedia messaging for Swedish recipients, with options for interactive surveys. A mobile publishing service provides display pages for online marketing campaigns and shopping services for e-commerce, with payment processing via credit card.
API methods support sending SMS and MMS messages, both to individual recipients and to subscriber lists, and receiving responses. Methods also support mobile payment for online content and purchases via the shopping service. The API generates statistics logging system traffic and provides detailed reporting capabilities.
 Fidesic is an online payment service built to work with Microsoft Dynamics GP and other accounting applications. It automates the delivery of invoices or statements as well as customer payments via email, fax, or US Mail. Fidesic also automates the receipt of Automated Clearing House (ACH) and credit card payments online using a customized internet payment gateway. Fidesic's services can be integrated with other software and services using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 The MasterCard rePower API provides consumers with a convenient way to add funds to their eligible MasterCard®, Maestro®, or non-branded payment account (e.g. Debit, Prepaid) at thousands of participating retailers. The rePower network offers a way for issuers to extend cash load capabilities for their card programs, use existing MasterCard processing and transaction codes to make participation easier, and supports standard next-day settlement of funds. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 The MasterCard Developer Zone opens up MasterCard's financial and data services allowing developers to create applications that interact with MasterCard's global network.
The Lost-Stolen Account List API helps users manage their risk by providing a list of lost/stolen account numbers. This lets ecommerce providers to validate accounts against known accounts that have been reported as lost or stolen. The API returns account status along with a reason for an account being listed. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 USA ePay is a business payment solution for processing transactions quickly, safely, and securely. It offers all the functions of a credit card machine online, as well as enabling merchants to view a wide array of reports. Transaction data is stored for the life of the account, and merchants can choose to view a report for their entire processing history or for just the past day.
The Customer Billing section of the Merchant Console allows merchants to create a customer database and to create and maintain auto-billing cycles for those customers. The Batch Uploader allows merchants to upload files of transactions and then process them without having to key them in one at a time.
USA ePay provides an API to make its services available programmatically for integration with other software and services. The API functions using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 OKPAY is a payment service designed for use by online businesses, including merchants, financial institutions, online games, software providers, payout projects, and freelancers. It can be used to make all kinds of payments as well as to send or receive money. International bank transfers and online currency exchanges are supported, along with ten different e-currencies.
OKPAY provides SOAP APIs that enable developers to build custom applications, tools, and services that integrate OKPAY's functions. Typical applications may include searching for transactions, paying en masse, and making refunds.
 Allied Wallet provides global e-commerce merchant services and payment processing solutions. Allied Walletâ€™s series of APIs allow customers to automate online payment processing, process transactions, and more.
 PayChoice is an Australian payment gateway service which allows merchants to process credit card and direct debit payments from their customers with or without a merchant bank account.
The PayChoice Payment Gateway API allows developers to access and integrate the PayChoice functionality with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include testing credit cards, processing payments, and managing account information.
 The Clay.io API allows developers to enhance their HTML5 games with features like leaderboards, achievements, data storage, payment processing, social integration and more. The emphasis of the API is its payment features, giving developers the option to require payment for game access or free game access. Clay.io offers a javascript installation and responses are formatted in JSON.
 UniPay is a provider of enterprise class online billing software. The software can act as as a transaction processing or recurring billing system, as well as a relationship management and merchant management platform.
The solution is comprised of 4 modules: UniCharge â€“ a transaction processing and remittance engine UniBill â€“ a recurring billing, account management and collections UniSell â€“ contract management and point of sale services UniBroker â€“ traffic broker designed to increase security and reduce PCI scope
The functionality of each module is available via a suite of RESTful APIs.
 PayGround's Express Checkout is a remote payment service that operates through PayGround's Mobile Payment system. It is designed to allow consumers to complete transactions quickly, using only their mobile number. Customers input their mobile phone number at the merchantÂ´s checkout where the Express Checkout service is offered. PayGround then matches the mobile phone number with the customer's social security number, address, credit check, etc. using a series of look-ups. The customer chooses whether they would like to receive an invoice or to charge a debit or credit card. Thus, the payment does not end up on the usual mobile operator bill.
The Express Checkout system is integrated into the developer's online checkout process using SOAP or REST APIs. Although parts of the PayGround website are offered in English, much of the API documentation is provided exclusively in Swedish.
 PAYMILL’s developer friendly REST API lets you accept credit and debit card payments directly in your website and mobile application. Available across Europe, online businesses are able to accept online payments globally, enabling them to scale internationally from the get-go. The API gives you full control of your checkout so you can deliver a user experience optimised for higher conversions. And with heavy-duty security measures already built-in – you can rest easy knowing your data secured.
Further information at www.paymill.com
 The Adyen REST API returns payments data supporting JSON and URI Query String/CRUD formats and can be authenticated by API Key.
Adyen provides hosted payment pages for merchants. Their solution supports multiple currencies and accepts over 100 payment methods across Europe, USA, Asia, and Latin America. Some of the functionality of the service includes one-click payments, single screen payment pages, and A/B testing of payment pages.
 Bilbus is an e-invoicing/financing solution that allows users to monitor what their customers owe as well as set up loan services for managing unexpected monetary gaps. Users can arrange financial service connections from Bilbus matched commercial lenders in the Bilbus Working Capital Hub.
The SOAP based API features returns in XML and allows third party applications access and the ability to manipulate invoice data stored within Bilbus as well as customer information. Calls include: Create/Update customer. Fetch customer (according to filter setting), Create/Update invoice. Fetch invoice (according to filter setting)
 The service, headquartered in Vietnam, provides a check for fraud in a pending e-commerce transaction and returns results including a recommendation to proceed with the transaction or close it out uncompleted. It analyzes information about the purchaser, including billing and shipping addresses, in comparison to IP address, bank identification number, and other variables. A component for IP-to-location helps to verify consistency of information provided by the purchaser.
API methods support fraud analysis for a transaction based on submitted customer email, phone, and shipping and billing addresses, as well as IP address and bank identification number of the payment card. Methods can return results of the fraud check with a recommendation to complete or block the transaction. Options include verifying the phone number and bank identification number and matching IP address to the purchaser's location.
 The PayBy.Me API supports GET HTTP methods that return mobile payments platform features. Businesses can set up plans that allow their customers to pay by mobile or home telephone. Samples available in .NET and PHP languages.
 The service provides financial management tools across all functions of a financial institution via a software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform. In addition to basic transaction processing, including micropayments, and lending, it allows for customer account creation, updating, and reporting. The service can interact with retailers for point-of-sale (POS) processing and other external services such as credit scoring agencies.
API methods support creating and updating customer accounts with balance monitoring, deposit acceptance, and payment processing. Methods also support financial arrangements such as savings accounts and loans, interaction with automated teller machines (ATMs) and POS systems, and accounting processes via general ledger postings. The API includes full support for currency conversions and other locally relevant practices.
 Storenvy assists in developing online stores for clients as well as aggregating independent online stores into a web marketplace with over 18,000 stores at present. Users can either open their own online store utilizing their tools and API or browse and shop through the growing directory.
The API is currently in private beta (request a beta invite).
Developers using the API can manage their storefront, monitor and control order fulfillments, and receive event notifications through a REST interface in a JSON format. The API fully supports OAUTH2 and allows developers to create useful third-party apps for Storenvy merchants. Utilizing the storeâ€™s API key, developers can also connect directly with their own store and augment its functionality.
the-finder-sales-tax didn't extract the description
 PayTech is financial transactions platform. Their payment solutions product, EzPay, serves a payment gateway and transaction processing service for Automated Clearinghouse transactions. Merchants can use the EzPay gateway for processing credit card transactions, while businesses can use it to integrate online payment options to their online services. Their API exposes the payment processing functionality and is intended for integrations with other services, such as shopping cart checkouts. It is based on a RESTful protocol.
 The Mpulse WapBilling API is used to carry out online transactions. These may be simple, one-time purchases or recurring subscriptions. Additional functions allow users to check the statuses of transactions and to send confirmation messages to customers in English, French, or German.
The Mpulse website is provided in both French and English.
 RestFul Web Services provides a suite of financial APIs for performing a variety of tasks. This includes retrieving information on stock quotes, currency conversion rates, or the London Gold Fix (the price of gold on the London market). The FedACH Service provides financial institutions with batched payment services that enable an electronic exchange of debit and credit through the Automated Clearing House (ACH) network.
These services are accessible using either SOAP or REST calls in XML format. All calls are directed toward WSDL endpoints, regardless of the protocol used.
 FileCopter is a free file hosting service that also pays users when other people download the users uploaded files. When a file is uploaded, a download link is generated and the owner of the files will receive $20 for every 10,000 downloads of the file. The FileCopter API uses REST calls to get file information or upload files directly to the server. An API key is required to access the API interface.
 Cash-Ticket is an online payment service for merchants and customers. The API is available in SOAP and, on a more limited basis, HTTP. The API enables users of the Cash-Ticket build a secure payment system into web shops using SSLv3. An account is required with service.
 TargetPay is a web based payment system accessible to websites and mobile sites. The Mister Cash API enables users to integrate the TargetPay online payment system into web shops and mobile applications. The service is based in the Netherlands but available internationally. The service has no setup or monthly fees but usage over 500 payments a month will require a licensing agreement.
 The service provides processing of payments via credit cards, debit cards, and automated clearinghouse (ACH) collection on checks. It provides pre-authorization and final payment for online applications in each payment option. Additional payment options include EBT and gift cards. The service can also handle refunds, transaction updates, and related corrections to posted payments.
API methods support submission of a pre-authorization or payment request specifying merchant, customer, card number or bank information, and transaction amount. Methods also allow updating merchant account information and summaries of transactions for a merchant. Methods support scheduling of recurring payments for subscription transactions.
 The service from Iceland provides PCI-compliant processing of online payments via credit cards and debit cards, with CVV validation. It allows pre-authorization of transactions and final payment processing, including funds capture. It also allows processing of refunds and updating or voiding transactions.
API methods support submission of a transaction for payment, with seller information, transaction amount, and customer name, card number, etc. Methods also handle pre-authorization, voiding a pending transaction, and processing a refund, if needed. Rebilling methods allow scheduling of recurring payments.
 The service provides payments for corporate and organizational payables to both local and global vendors via 135 banking relationships. Payment recipients have flexible options for transferring funds to their own bank accounts or to other destinations: a credit card, a specified account with another organization or even back to the payer to cover balances owed. The service also gives access to international merchant credit cards.
API methods support management of merchant accounts, payment accounts, and individual payment transactions. Methods manage transfers from a specific eWallet account to multiple destinations, including a bank account, a credit card account, a stored value card, a phone or wire transfer service as well as generating a check.
 The Paydiant B2B Customer Care API returns JSON data with payment features to integrate into POS applications and mobile applications. The API allows developers to create a site that can access the Paydiant platform through its B2B Gateway. All communication, regardless of transport, needs to run over a TLS encrypted HTTPS session.
 The service from Australia Post provides credit card processing for e-commerce transactions and bill payments. It handles debit card payments, as well, with integration options based on white-label service and embedded iframes, in addition to API access.
API methods support submission of transaction amount, vendor, and card details (number, expiration date, and CVV code). Methods also support pre-authorization of transaction payments without transfer of funds, as well as voiding pending transactions and and completion of refunds for existing transactions.
 PingPing is a mobile payment system that allows users to purchase products and services with their mobile phones. The PingPing API allows users to add a PingPing payment button to merchant websites. The API enables 1 click shopping verified through text messages to the user. Technical documentation is available upon request. Documentation is available upon request.
 Balanced is an integrated payments solution for online marketplaces. With the Balanced API, users can integrate a payments experience such as in Amazon for their own marketplace. Balanced allows users to bypass dealing with banking systems, compliance, fraud, and security. Additional functionality includes allowing users to hold funds up to seven days before transferring them to a marketplace and tokenizing cards and bank accounts on the client and associating the card securely with the user's Balanced account. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 VK is a popular European social networking website. The VK Payments API it offers provides a means of connecting applications and external internet stores to the VK payment system. This allows buyers to pay for items and services in an internet store from their personal VK account. One unique feature of the VK payment system is that it allows users to chip in together on purchases with their friends.
 BancBox is a financial solutions service. BancBox allows users to collect, manage, store, and send money and payments. BancBox can be integrated into applications for in-app payments.
The BancBox API allows developers to integrate the functionality of BancBox with other applications. Some example API methods include managing client information, managing payments, scheduling payments, and retrieving account activity.
 The SortMyBooks API allows users to either access and use their SortMyBooks account, or integrate the service into their other applications. The API comes in both a SOAP and JSON protocol, and returns in JSON or HTML. The documentation includes a PHP application that demonstrates the API integration, full documentation is available with log in.
 The service provides processing of payments related to e-commerce and online shopping activities. Functions available via the web and mobile devices include electronic invoicing, bill payment, and virtual terminal for processing payments by phone. The service can also process payments via Facebook and Paypal.
API methods support creation of invoices, either individually or on a recurring, scheduled basis. Methods can resolve payments via credit card, debit card, or automated clearinghouse (ACH) processes. Methods provide for management of customer/payor and recipient accounts, with regular reporting of transaction amounts and other details.
 The service helps not-for-profit organizations to manage fund-raising campaigns and donations, including ongoing relationships with donors and other sources of funding. It provides coordinated interactions via websites, social media outlets, and mobile devices to simplify accepting money whenever and however it is offered.
The API supports queries against information about the not-for-profit's account, fund-raising campaigns, and donations received. Methods support tracking of communications with and contributions from donors over time. Methods also support interaction with the organization's bank account to aid processing of payments.
 SubscriptionBridge is a subscription management system provided by Early Impact, an ecommerce solutions business. SubscriptionBridge combines automated recurring billing with account management functions. The account management functions allow online retailers to communicate with their customers, adjust or customize customersâ€™ subscription plans, and more. They offer an API to integrate SubscriptionBridge with other web tools for merchants, such as checkout, shopping carts, and notification systems. It is a RESTful API and returns XML-formatted data.
 BoxBilling is a payment management system for services and products like software licenses, web hosting, and downloadable products. It allows merchants to manage clients and their payment schedules. Merchants can monitor and automate invoicing from an administrators dashboard and set up multiple payment gateways. BoxBilling offers APIs for Guest-based services, Clients, and Admins. They are all RESTful APIs that return JSON-formatted data.
 iZettle is a mobile, tablet, and website payment application. Users can accept payments via mobiles, tablets, and the web with iZettle.
The iZettle API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iZettle with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, processing payments, and retrieving payment information.
 Payson is an online payment service that allows you to shop or receive payment using it. The Payson API operates through HTTP Post calls and returns confirmation tokens to verify transactions. The API has full documentation of sample calls including code for building it into your system programming libraries C# and PHP. This site is in Swedish.
 Pin is an Australian payment system. They provide a simple API for transacting credit card payments. Users can retrieve patron information such as card number, expiry dates, addresses and more, by their email addresses. Pin also provides a web interface and a dashboard for visualizing and managing transactions. Pin is a REST-based API that returns JSON-formatted data.
 Geodrop is a platform for sending and receiving SMS messages as well as mobile payments. Users can send a bulk SMS message and receive them via a dedicated number. The API gives users the ability to send and receive messages, look up contact information, and make mobile payments. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON. Some documentation is in Italian.
 The ICEPAY API in REST architecture uses JSON formats to process payments and transactions online. With the API, developers can implement checkouts, recurring payments, fund transfers, and refund services.
 The service provides payment processing for e-commerce serving Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, and Chile. Payments are denominated in any of the four local currencies. Implementation options include a white-label page to be formatted to match the base application, an iframe to embed the payment function in a local HTML page, or full API integration.
API methods support submission of a payment request specifying currency, price, product purchased, purchaser, and any accompanying message. Payment is processed and a bar code image is returned to the requesting application.
 PayAnywhere is an online and mobile application that allows users to accept and process credit card statements on smartphones and tablets.
The PayAnywhere API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayAnywhere with other applications for mobile or web. Interested developers should contact developers@payanywhere.com for API access.
 Payfirma is a payment solutions provider. Their products are intended for businesses to offer flexible payment options to their customers. These services support online vendors and physical locations and include solutions such as mobile point-of-sale systems, ecommerce payments, and billing. For developers with accounts, Payfirma provides XML standards-based APIs that expose customer data and ecommerce functionality. They also provide APIs to developers for integration with other or new services.
 ZooZ provides a quick and easy way to checkout and pay on mobile devices. With the multi-platform ZooZ SDK, mobile developers can easily integrate secure in-app payments with a few lines of code. After integration, app users are offered a true mobile wallet that is fast, easy to use and secure. ZooZ also aggregates various payment sources, such as credit cards and PayPal in one universal solution (additional eWallets and carrier billing coming soon). User details are securely stored in a cloud environment and shared across supporting apps, resulting in higher conversion rates and a quicker checkout experience.
 The U.K. service processes payments by credit card and debit card for puchases online. It emphasizes large-volume processing with integration documentation and available live technical support. Applications can implement via service-hosted secure payment page or API integration.
API methods support secure submission of buyer and payment card information, with return of pre-authorization status. Methods can complete payment and support transaction confirmation messaging.
 VersaPay is an electronic checking and invoicing service. It offers a well-integrated package of automated payments methods, from payment requests to notification upon delivery. Users can send and accept e-payments, and electronically track all transactions. All of the data be exported or automated to notify users and recipients. Their API suite allows developers to integrate the payment request system, payment transfers, and notifications. Included APIs are: Fund Sources, Transactions, Debit Agreements, and Webhook. They are RESTful APIs that return JSON and XML formatted data.
 The service provides tools for managing balances of bitcoin virtual currency. It summarizes activity within the bitcoin network and provides statistics to guide an application's involvement in group effort to generate bitcoin, with the resulting balance shared among participants.
API methods support summaries of statistics for worldwide bitcoin activity. Methods also provide statistics on the hash rate generated by network activity, the number of workers active in the network, the number of users, and the rounds of activity completed.
 Clover is a one-tap payment app for mobile purchases. It offers two layers of security by locking the account to a phone number/mobile device and requiring PIN authentication. The user enters payment and shipping information just once, then can make mobile purchases with a click on the Clover icon.
The Clover REST API is available for merchants to list, accept, reject and refund orders using RESTful calls.
 ePayment provides University of British Columbia (UBC) departments with secure, real-time authorization and processing services for credit card and Interac Online payments. The ePayment API is suitable for merchants who have their own website or shopping cart and require online payment processing. ePayment will generate JVs for all authorized payments to record the purchases in UBC's Financial Management System (FMS).
 Buyvite is a group purchasing platform available via web, mobile and Facebook apps. It allows the user to organize group purchases like event tickets, gifts, flights, etc. and collect money easily through the secure payment platform. The API uses POST requests to submit transactions and retrieve account information.
 PayPass Online allows checkout from a site or app using any wallet that belongs to the Paypass Online network. This speeds up the checkout process by allowing customers to use the payment and shipping information already associated with their wallet of choice on the network. PayPass Online supports full and mobile sites and both Android and iOS apps. This service is free for both consumers and merchants.
 The Visual DataFlex ElfProef API allows users to perform ElfProef tests. This is a CRC (cyclic redundancy check) technique used as a test in Dutch electronic payments to determine if a bank account number is valid. It does so by adding the given number's digits and dividing by 11. Valid numbers will return an integer. This API can be accessed via SOAP calls using the XML data format.
 GiftRocket is gift card money transferring service. First, users buy their friends a gift card online and then GiftRocket sends the recipients money to redeem the present, by check, PayPal, or bank transfer. The API provides users access to gift card purchasing functionality. It is a RESTful API that responds in JSON. Access and an API key are granted by request.
 Currencycloud is a payments platform offering Cross Border Payments as a Service. The platform enables companies, regulated and unregulated, to fully automate currency receiving, conversion and payment across 140 currencies in 200 countries for their own needs or to enhance their services out to their customers. The platform takes care of the complexities of connecting to and finding the best exchange rates and connecting to and optimizing across the multitude of international payment networks. Currencycloud simplifies and lowers costs of cross currency transfers while delivering more control and reducing operational risk and overhead. Currencycloud API enables businesses to embed our capabilities within their own internal or client facing applications and services. For example, You may want to connect Currencycloud to your accounting software for effortless straight through processing of transaction data for yourself, or if an ERP or accounting solution provider, to deliver a value added service to your customers. Alternatively, as a online or mobile payments firm, you may want to lower the costs of your international payments service or add a new capability to deliver cross border payments.
 txtNation is a Mobile Billing and SMS Messaging provider. The Payforit API allows developers to bill their users' phones without making them leave the WAP site. The API is a one off payment version of the Payforit system accessed using the txtNation Gateway.
Once the user has chosen to pay for a particular product on the WAP site, developer should pass variables describing the product and transaction to initiate the transaction. These variables are sent with either the GET or POST method.
 HostBill is a payment and invoice management service. Their services include automated billing, payment management, and client data tracking. The API provides registered users with access to their client, invoice, and services data in real-time through an HTML protocol. They also provide a free PHP HB wrapper that simplifies calls and stores usersâ€™ API authentication details. The API is only available to users with installed HostBill accounts.
 The Visa Point-of-Sale (POS) Solutions Program gives participating payment technology providers access to Visaâ€™s financial transaction network. Through this API, users can code their POS systems to process credit payment transactions for Visa and supported cards such as, Discover and American Express. Visa will also provide a transaction-history document. The API uses XML format. Public documentation is not available and developers must register for access.
 Pay It Square is a service that lets users utilize their PayPal accounts to collect money from groups. The service allows organizers to create a web page that describes what they are trying to collect for, the amount needed from each group member and a list of people that still owe money. In addition to PayPal, people can pay using their bank account or credit card. The Pay It Square API lets developers access the service's functionality needed for organizing and managing a collection page. Functionality includes standard CRUD operations on collection pages, payment options, organizers, questions, currencies and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 The service validates a submitted taxpayer identification number (TIN) to verify a match with the correct name on a payee record. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) imposes heavy penalties for data submissions with inaccurate TINs. The service allows applications to call validation functions and confirm accuracy before submitted data.
API methods support submission of TIN data to retrieve associated first and last names and address. U.S. address format includes two possible street links, city, state, and ZIP code.
 The service handles payment processing for real-time transactions with configurable checkout functional and data components and secure exchanges and storage of customer payment data. It builds customer profiles in compliance with PCI processing requirements and can process scheduled and recurring payments.
API methods support secure submission of transaction information, validating a pending order, submitting preauthorization requests, and completing payment. Related methods handle creating and updating customer accounts, processing refunds, scheduling recurring payments, and calculating shipping charges.
 The service provides storefront, shopping cart, checkout functions compliant with PCI and DSS specifications. A configurable feature set and display allow integration with other sites, and API integration allows application level interaction. Variable tax and shipping options are controlled for each account.
API methods support creation and management of product catalog entries, product categories for grouping similar items, and rules for pricing and shipping. Methods also support booking transactions and processing payments. Administrative functions include customer account creation and updating, blast email communications, and order exporting or reporting.
 txtNation is a Mobile Billing and SMS Messaging provider.
The txtNation Gateway can be used to deploy any mobile billing or messaging related services, including SMS based campaigns into existing platforms. The SMS Gateway enables businesses to facilitate SMS messaging between themselves and their mobile subscribers. It also allows messages to be sent using the SMPP platform. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 card.io is a mobile payment service. card.io can be integrated within applications for mobile payments. card.io uses the mobile phone's camera for credit card scanning and payment processing.
The card.io API allows developers to integrate the functionality of card.io with other applications. The main API method is accepting payments and retrieving credit card and payment information.
 WAC is a mobile payment service application. Their products offer in-application payment services for mobile applications.
The WAC Payment API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WAC Payment with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving lists of payments, and managing payments.
 CashFlows is a web and mobile payment service. CashFlows allows businesses to invoice and collect payments from their customers via web or mobile payment platforms.
The CashFlows API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CashFlows with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include payment management, user account management, and invoicing accounts.
 The service books online orders and allows retrieval, updates to item quantity and other details, and processes credit card payment. Orders can be handled within the service or imported into other applications. After updating and processing an order and completing payment, the service emails customer confirmation messaging.
API methods support retrieval of orders for a specific merchant matching criteria in the request and updating of specified orders. Methods also support processing of credit card payment and communicating order fulfillment to customers.
 The service provides order management for online purchases. It accepts submission of order information, then verifies product availability and buyer's credit status. Inventory management functions allow for reorders from prior purchases, immediate and deferred purchases, and related transactions that anticipate future availability.
API methods support processing of purchase information and payment for immediate purchases. Methods also support checks against customer authorization, credit limits, and other seller purchase policies. The API handles orders associated with dealers and sales representatives for proper commission payments and reduced-price employee purchases.
click&pledge didn't extract the description
 The Turkish service provides a single platform to collect payments via mobile devices, using either SMS text message, GSM messaging, or web. Payment functions handle transactions like physical products, website subscriptions, content payments, online games, online betting, movie and event ticketing, and more.
API methods support registration of a vendor's SMS application and exchanging messages as well as registration and interactions with a web commerce application. The service processes the requested payment and returns a status message with confirmation or error notification.
 The service processes online payments, either one-time or recurring charges by credit card, debit card, or ACH charge against buyer bank account. It provides real-time authorization for payments processed. A token-based system for scheduled payments prevents the need to store card numbers or bank account data, maintaining PCI security compliance and preventing liability through data loss.
API methods support completing one-time, same-day payments as well as scheduling recurring payments for time-based contracts. Methods also allow verification of bank account information and user update of payment account information.
 The service handles processing of Visa or MasterCard credit card payments, either from an application's custom page or through a secure page hosted by the provider. Both credit card and debit card payments are processed, and recurring payments can be scheduled.
API methods support submission of transaction and cardholder information, for debit cards or credit cards. Returned data detail either purchase pre-authorization status or full payment processing outcomes. Methods also support refunds of processed payments and related functions.
 Jumio Netswipe is an online and mobile payment service. Jumio Netswipe allows for traditional payment transactions, like typing in credit card information, or a newer way to pay, like swiping their card online.
The Jumio Netswipe API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Jumio Netswipe with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving payment information, managing users, and managing account information.
 Rogers is a leading provider of Wireless, Digital Cable TV, High Speed Internet and other mobile phone and data services throughout Canada. Catalyst is a third party developer program giving developers a space to build their products using Rogers' assets including SMS, LBS, and Carrier Billing APIs.
The Payment API allows developers to use third party applications to charge services to a subscriber invoice, process payments, grant refunds and manage subscriptions. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Chirpify is a service that allows users to turn Tweets into transactions. Chirpify offers functionality for Tweets to become payments, sales transactions, donations, and other eCommerce transactions.
The Chirpify API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Chirpify with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include integrated eCommerce functionality into applications, receiving real-time payments over Twitter, and scheduling automatic Tweets. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here http://chirpify.com/twitter_commerce/contact.
 Zipmark is an online and mobile application that allows users to pay for things out of their accounts automatically. Users can pay for things such as rent, other bills, and other Zipmark users.
The Zipmark API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Zipmark with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here http://dev.zipmark.com/ for more information.
 The service processes payments for web and mobile application purchases, either one-time or recurring, from balances maintained with the service. Applications can integrate selling/shopping access with the service to complete mobile phone charges, set up customer billing, and complete customer transactions.
API methods allow submission of customer purchase details, including identity information, language, product purchased and price, etc. Response includes order identifier, total order price, national currency, and merchant information. Methods also support posting of subscription purchases.
gsma-oneapi-payment didn't extract the description
 Bango's service provides a platform for automated mobile billing and analytics. The Events Notification API allows users to find out real time information about payments, subscriptions and marketing opt-ins. Events are related to objects within the Bango system such as purchases made and marketing subscriptions and are described as an action on that object. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
unicef-50/50 didn't extract the description
 CardSpring is a payment network platform. CardSpring offers an API that allows developers to create applications tied to payment cards. Applications such as loyalty programs, digital coupons, and adding account information to a payment card can be built. The CardSpring API allows for integration with other applications and services, such as merchant and point-of-sale applications.
Public documentation is not available; documentation can be accessed with login.
 Kole Imports is a direct importer and wholesale distributor of discount and dollar store merchandise. The API allows customers to acquire data about Kole's product line, submit orders and track orders. Methods exposed by the API include listings of resources, account information, product specific information, order information and more. The API uses RESTful calls with responses in XML and JSON.
 GoCardless is a service that lets users accept online payments. Users can get paid directly from their customersâ€™ bank accounts without the need for a merchant account and without credit card fees. The API gives developers access to the same functionality as the service. With the API users can create subscriptions, pre authorizations and bills. In addition they can read existing resources and create bills under an existing pre authorization. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 The service handles online payments via credit card, ACH bank account debits, and RecurPay scheduled payments. All services implement the provider's Fraud Detection Suite (FDS) with configrable filters to prevent suspicious transactions, reducing risk of potentially costly fraudulent payments.
API methods support requests to process one-time and scheduled, recurring payments via credit card and ACH bank account debit. Methods also enforce rules determined by the using application to detect possible fraudulent transactions before processing.
 Paxum offers a secure ewallet payment service that lets users pay merchants and other users by transferring funds from banks. The Paxum Payment API gives developers the ability to implement direct payment processing. Integrating the API lets users accommodate various payment methods including prepaid cards, checks and wire transfers while working with a single provider to process and manage all online payments. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 Xsolla is a provider of localized in-game payment solutions specializing in MMO, social, mobile and casual games. The Xsolla platform provides access to over 150 payment options including credit and pre-paid cards, mobile payments, premium SMS, E-wallets, cash and e-cash, payment kiosks and offers. Xsolla also provides statistics such as RPU (Revenue Per User) and ARPPU (Average Revenue Per Paying User) that allow partners to analyze their players' habits and payment options used.
The Xsolla API offers a suite of services for integrating payment services into a game. API functionality includes invoicing, write-offs, payments via cash kiosks, registration and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 eWAY is an Australian payment gateway solution that lets retailers process their customers' online payment transactions in real time. Services are available for merchants in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, and soon to be available in the United States.
eWAY's Rapid 3.1 API allows developers to integrate the eWAY services into their own web sites and applications. Functionality includes the ability to offer hosted and redirected payment processing, refund processing, setup of automated payments, fraud monitoring and more.
 Centili is a cloud based mobile payments service. Consumers can use Centili to charge their purchases of online products to their phone bill. The Centili API gives partners the ability to control and customize their payment process. The API can be used by independent developers, B2B Partners, commercial cloud solutions and vertical market specialists. API documentation is not publicly available but can be access to registered partners.
 OLO is an online ordering platform that can be integrated with point-of-sale (POS) systems. Users can use OLO to offer online ordering on their websites and mobile applications.
The OLO API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of OLO with other applications and to create new features. Public documentation is not available, but the API is open to developers to integrate and build applications. Interested developers should email info@olo.com for more information.
 Splitable is a service that allows users to split the cost of purchasing goods, services, and food. Users can determine the breakdown of costs among the people they are splitting the cost with and send them details about the good, service, etc.
The Splitable API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Checkout by Splitable, which enables companies to allow their customers to split the cost of goods and services. Methods include managing details about the goods or services, managing cost information, and sending invoices.
 UltraCart is an online shopping cart and e-commerce service, providing users with the functionality to connect their sites to UltraCart's hosted platform. The UltraCart platform can be hooked up to many facets of an e-commerce business; in addition to checkout, their software integrates with payment processing, shopping carts, marketing management, shipping, and accounting systems.
UtraCart has both JavaScript and SOAP-based Checkout API's, however, their SOAP services are largely undocumented as they turn users towards their JavaScript web services. The Checkout API exposes a wide range of functionality, allowing developers to programmatically interact with UltraCart's e-commerce platform. Example methods for this API include creating a cart, getting items, handing off to Google Checkout or PayPal, cart validation, and applying coupons.
 GoToBilling is an online payment processing gateway that supports a wide variety of payment types including credit cards, vendor payments, direct deposits, recurring payments, mobile payments, and business to business payments. GoToBilling was founded with the intent to create a service supporting all varieties of payment needs, all from one central interface.
The GoToBilling SOAP web service's main functions are to create and update customers records and accounts, search for future, pending and past transactions, and process transactions. This SOAP-based web service can be used to integrate any new or existing website or application with the GoToBilling system.
 iPayDNA is a online payment service that provides credit card, debit card, and non-card payment processing services to online merchants. iPayDNA has a focus on international transactions, and supports a wide variety of currencies.
The iPayDNA API exposes functionality for processing payments, voiding, and refunding. This web service can be used to integrate iPayDNA's payment systems with your site or application.
 ACHWorks provides payment technology that facilitates the processing of commercial transactions through the Automated Clearing House (ACH) Network. The ACHWorks SOAP API allows users to integrate the ACHWorks functionality with their existing software, regardless of what platform or programming language their systems use.
 fetchflow is an online invoicing and payment service. fetchflow users can create and send online invoices, manage invoices online, and accept online payments from their customers and clients.
The fetchflow API allows developers to integrate fetchflow functionality and data with other applications and creating other applications. Some example API methods include accessing client information, creating and managing invoices, and retrieving estimate information.
 Klarna is a online payment service that allows businesses to accept online payments without their customers having to use a credit card. Klarna can also be used by individuals to pay for goods online without using a credit card.
The Klarna API allows developers to integrate Klarna's functionality with other applications. Some example API methods include emailing invoices, crediting invoices, calculating costs, and managing inventories.
 The popular online payment giant PayPal provides a variety of API's that allow users to customize and automate how they interact with PayPal's system and customers. However, because of access and permissions issues, these API's can be limited in situations where those who are using the API are not the account owner.
The PayPal Permissions API provides additional flexibility for PayPal users, allowing them to request and manage permissions for specific users to execute PayPal API operations on their behalf. These permissions provide a signature that a third party can use as authorization for PayPal API operations, and ensures that these actions can be distinguished from those of the actual account holder.
 The service provides a payment function based on "virtual currency" held by user accounts. It allows sellers to test buyer response to digital products and plans to support conversion of virtual payments from buyers into national currencies via ClickBank and other exchanges. Buyers monitor the service and provide feedback on its functions and products presented.
Methods list paying websites and online marketplaces as well as mobile apps that handle VirtaPay payments. The API also supports in-game use of VirtaPay credits as payments between players. Future methods will list currency exchanges handling conversion to world currencies.
 The web service allows third-party applications to process transactions through the Global Gateway payments system. The service supports a range of processing tasks such as purchase, refund, pre-authorization.
Methods support a range of transaction processing scenarios such as zero-payment pre-authorization, balance inquiry, payment via credit card or PayPal, cancel and void transaction, and refund payment. Methods also support payment by gift card.
 This API is now EVO Snap. You can find it in the Programmableweb directory. PowerPay is a payment solutions provider for both eCommerce and point-of-sale scenarios. Solutions include credit card machines and terminals, merchant account credit card processing and more. The PowerPay API can be integrated with any existing software service, giving users the ability to accept all types of electronic transactions through a secure, web-based payment gateway. It provides functionality such as providing real-time shipping quotes, storing customer and transaction profiles, processing recurring payments and email receipts. The API uses HTTP Post calls.
 Online payment service, either credit card or direct bank account transaction, support online store transactions. Also supports invoicing and installment payment services, as well as telephone payments. Headquartered in Sweden. Methods include order creation, lookup, payment, and cancellation as well as payment plan proposal, approval, and cancellation.
 OptimalPayments is an online payment service that supports PCI-compliant worldwide merchant accounts for accepting major credit and debit cards, including Visa, MasterCard, and JCB. The service provides a secure, proprietary online payment gateway for processing payments and risk management services. Customized solutions are available for both large international businesses and government agencies. Methods support secure submission of card information, authorization, payment processing and confirmation, and payment cancellation. This profile is dedicated to the Classic NETBANX Web Services that involve SOAP, XML, and WSDL formats.
 The service is private club for electronic exchanges of gold between members as investments or as payments. Members can optionally be listed in the public directory and disclose their feedback reputation scores. The site is strategically, technically and financially independent of any bank, government or corporation. The platform was entirely built and financed by the owners, who are professional software developers, as a corporation registered in Belize. The API allows members to check account balance, generate transaction history, send payments to other members, and process payments for shopping cart purchases.
vme-by-visa didn't extract the description
 Components integrated in a site allowing it to accept payments from its own secure server. The site must have its own SSL certificate. The solution is certified by Visa and MasterCard, ensuring merchants are PCIDSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant. Allows merchants to customize the look and feel of their payment pages.
 FeeFighters is a comparison shopping website for credit card processing. They use an auction process and comparison engine to help businesses save on their credit card processing fees. Samurai is FeeFighters' payment gateway. The API allows developers to access the functionality of the service via HTTP calls. Functionality includes creating, reading, updating and deleting payment methods as well as processing payments. Responses are formatted in XML.
 MobiCart is a mobile commerce (mCommerce) management platform that works with mobile, tablet, and web applications and links to a company's website. MobiCart can be built and customized based on customer needs.
The MobiCart API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of MobiCart. Some example API methods include accessing store information, managing product information, retrieving user details, and adding and managing orders.
 JunglePay is a mobile and phone payment and billing service. JunglePay is supported in 80 countries and they also offer SMS capabilities. JunglePay can be used on mobile or web applications for payment and billing services.
The JunglePay API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of JunglePay with other applications and services. Some example API methods include listing and managing payments, sending SMS messages, and accessing user information.
 FaceCash is a mobile payment platform that allows users to pay for goods and services with face recognition technology at merchants that accept FaceCash. FaceCash also offers mobile coupons for participating merchants.
The FaceCash API allows developers to integrate FaceCash functionality with merchant's point of sale applications and other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with a FaceCash account.
 Aepona is a service that brings mobile data and intelligence to the cloud. Aepona also offers mobile payment hosting and solutions, as well as billing tools. Other Aepona products include monetization platforms for web and mobile application providers.
The Aepona API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Aepona into other applications and services. Some example API methods include accessing customer information, finding people on networks, and initiating mobile payment and billing services.
 Bangoâ€™s Direct Billing API is designed to allow mobile applications and web sites to request payments directly from their users. Price and offer details are displayed without leaving the application or web site, simplifying the experience for the end user. Behind the scenes, the API interacts directly with Bangoâ€™s billing platform to collect and process payments.
This SOAP API operates over HTTPS, and requires an account with service for access.
 PayNearMe is a payment service that enables consumers to pay with cash for goods and services from companies online and at local stores, such as 7-Eleven stores in the US, via order slips.
The PayNearMe API allows developers to access the functionality of PayNearMe. Some example API methods include creating orders, retrieving payment slips, and calling servers when orders are placed. Public documentation is not available; API access is available with accounts.
 Set of tools for managing fund-raising campaigns or projects. Functions center on donor solicitation and communication, a streamlined donation experience, community building, and interface control. Methods support accessing campaign data to create unique promotions and/or integrate campaign data with other content.
 Spree Commerce is an open source e-Commerce platform. Spree provides hosting and server solutions, as well as merchant accounts and payment platforms.
The Spree Commerce API allows developers to access the functionality and content of Spree. Some example API methods include searching, listing and viewing orders and order information, and updating orders.
 SmartDebit provides direct debiting services for businesses and companies to accept debit payments on websites for bill payment, service payment, or for recurring product orders.
The SmartDebit Direct Debit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SmartDebit into other applications and sites. Example API methods include creating and managing debits and set ups and accessing other account information. Public documentation is not available. Those interested should email sales@smartdebit.com for more information.
 Sellaround is an eCommerce service that integrates with social networking and other sites and allows users to increase their social reach.
The Sellaround API allows developers to integrate Sellaround's functionality into other applications and sites. Example API methods include creating and managing widgets, managing account information, managing shipping information, and retrieving orders.
 Bottomline (formerly Albany eVERIFY) provides software for payment processing, bank account validation, direct debit collection and e-document delivery. The Bottomline Technologies PT-X API is a solution that offers accurate validation of bank accounts and sort code details by cross-checking this data against the Extended Industry Sort Code Directory (EISCD). The API enables developers to embed the verification functionality into their existing accounts systems.
 BlueVia provides APIs that enable users to monetize their apps through revenue sharing business models. The Bluevia Payment API allows applications to charge for digital goods and have it billed to the customer's phone bill using a REST protocol and returns either XML or JSON.
 Neurotic Media provides technology-enabled marketing and distribution services for digital media including music, videos, and ringtones. Neurotic Media gives clients control over how they commercialize digital media using private-labeled stores and API services.
Neurolinq is Neurotic Media's API suite. Use Neurolinq Products for file delivery, Neurolinq Awards for award redemption and POS card activation services, and Neurolinq Checkout for hosted or non-hosted checkout and payment services. Neurolinq uses the XML-RCP protocol.
 EMS (Electronic Merchant Systems) is an eCommerce payment gateway. It allows merchants to handle transactions online in realtime or individually through a merchant-operated virtual point of sale terminal (VPOS).
EMS offers 2 APIs that connect users to EMS Merchant Services to streamline transaction processes such as payment, authorizations, settlements, transaction status requests and more. The APIs use the RESTful protocol.
 [This API is no longer available and this page is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
BOKU is an online payments service that lets consumers pay for virtual and digital goods with their mobile phones. The API allows developers to integrate the BOKU service into their own web sites. Users can use the API for currency translation in 50 countries as well as displaying the language in the visitor's language. Documentation is available upon registration.
 Moneydirect, an Amadeus and Sabre joint venture, provides a multi-channel payment processing solution for the global travel and tourism industry. It is used by over 3000 agents and 1700 suppliers in Australia and New Zealand. The Moneydirect API provides programmatic access to the functionality of platform. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. Full documentation is available with registration.
 MPP Global Solutions are a provider of eCommerce payment platforms for the media and entertainment industries. The MPP system features can be accessed via a set of APIs. The MPP toolkit provides the following features:
* Subscriptions
* Micropayments (inc Premium SMS/Reverse Bill SMS)
* Credit/Debit Card payments
* Full CRM capability
* eWallet
* Service Credits
* You host/embed functionality
* Inherit FSA License
* Fast-Buy - users only enter PIN or password for any sale
The API uses both REST and SOAP protocol. Full documentation is not publicly available.
 Invoicera is an online billing and invoicing software designed for simplicity and convenience while still providing the best invoicing features, including time tracking, invoicing and recurring invoicing, expense tracking, multiple language and currency support, and multiple payment options. Invoicera also provides an XML API for developers to use to integrate Invoicera services into other applications.
 The Braintree Client JavaScript API provides indirect access to the client service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. Braintree's JavaScript client lets you accept payments while maintaining PCI compliance, from credit cards, PayPal, and many other payment methods. BrainTree offers online merchants a payment gateway to enable the processing of credit card payments. Additionally, merchants are offered a merchant account, recurring billing and credit card storage.
 Connect with the #1 fundraising platform in the world. Build apps that make a difference to support over 13,000 amazing causes. Grow your audience with JustGiving as 22 million people are ready to use your app.
 FirstGiving provides donation processing for any of the 1.2 Million 501(c)3 non-profit organizations in the United States. The RESTful API provides access to the the company's directory of charities. Developers can create applications to encourage donations and, if they choose, developers can earn revenue from transaction fees.
Search based on name, EIN, city, state, zipcode and a few other factors. Retrieve detailed information about the non-profit, including its UUID, which can be used when processing a donation.
 Reduce the time, cost and complexity of developing secure commerce-enabled applications with Vantiv Solution Builder for developers. Vantiv Solution Builder is a streamlined integration program designed to help software companies and application developers easily combine Vantiv's robust transaction processing solutions with value-added services and workflows to form complete payment solutions.
With a full suite of developer-centric resources including; complete software development toolkits, APIs, sample code, sample applications, developer sandbox, and on-demand support, Vantiv Solution Builder provides business and technical resources to help Software Companies streamline integration projects, satisfy PCI and PA-DSS compliance requirements, define channel partnerships, and publish applications to active Commerce Marketplaces.
 SnapBill is an automated billing system that allows users to sell their services online. SnapBill is ideal for businesses requiring a subscription or recurring billing system with payment collection facilities. The RESTful API is still in beta and documentation is not complete. It provides users with some of the functionality of the SnapBill service. Responses are formatted in XML, JSON, TXT or HTML.
 Data8 is the UK's premier data solutions provider with a range of data cleansing, postcode lookup and data validation services to ultimately improve the way businesses communicate with their customers.
Data8's Credit Card Validation service checks that the credit or debit card number has been captured accurately without any typographical errors. It also can suggest the card issuer to the user while they are filling out web forms. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Fortumo is an open mobile payment platform, currently operating in 58 countries worldwide. Fortumo's SMS-connectivity/mobile payments API enables developers to easily integrate mobile payments with any app, game or web-service. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The PayPal Adaptive Accounts API allows users to create applications with built-in account management features. Using the API developers can create a PayPal Business account, add a bank account or a credit card as funding sources for PayPal accounts and verify a PayPal account status. The API uses both RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses can be formatted as XML, JSON or NVP.
 Use Mass Payments to send up to 250 payments to different payees in one batch. It's a fast and convenient way to send all kinds of disbursements, including commissions, rebates, rewards, and general payments. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The Payflow Pro API enables users to develop Web and desktop applications that create, schedule, and run standard (pre-defined) and custom Payflow services reports. Payflow Pro is a flexible payment gateway solution that can be used with any internet merchant account to process credit card transactions online. With the API, developers can choose add-on services like recurring billing and fraud protection, and also set up standard and custom reports. The API uses RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON or NVP.
 The E-xact API is a web service that allows third-party applications to process transactions through E-xact's system as well as search and report on transaction records. E-xact is a provider of secure online transaction solutions and service to get payment gateways up and running. The API provides functionality for several types of transactions including standard purchases, tagged transactions, debit transactions and special transactions such as pre-authorization. The API uses both RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses can be formatted in either XML, JSON or CSV.
 The WePay API is a simple set of low-level calls that can be used to build all sorts of things on top of WePay's payment platform. WePay is a service that allows groups to collect, manage, and spend money. Using the API, users can build applications that allow them to colect donations for a cause, collect money from a group of friends or implement multi-group payment management. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON, JSONP and TXT.
 Accumulus is a subscription billing service that lets developers fully automate customer onboarding, cancellation and change processes. The entire billing process is available via the Accumulus API, including customers, signups, subscriptions and payment methods. The service also includes means of tracking very basic usage, so that developers can later query utilization based usage for a particular customer.
 The PayPal X Adaptive Payments API enable developers to build apps that process transactions by interacting with PayPal. Developers can control the entire transaction within a single interface, which allows payments on multiple platforms, including web, mobile, and others. Adaptive Payments make it possible to create ongoing relationships with customers so they don't have to request user's permission for every single transaction. Adaptive Payments API allows payments to be made in different ways; either directly to the receiver, to multiple receivers, or to two+ receivers in a row (chained payments).
 The SagePay Reporting and Admin API allows back-office systems to interact with the Sage Pay payment systems in the same manner as a person with a web browser might use our My Sage Pay administration area. The API uses the same user accounts and privilege system as My Sage Pay, and will allow account administration and reporting functions, but with a finer degree of granularity than the My Sage Pay Screens, with all messages in real-time in a consistent XML format. SagePay offers secure online payment solutions for over 30,000 businesses. Full documentation for the API is not publicly available.
 The Wazala Online Store API in REST architecture supports JSON responses to integrate eCommerce features. The API interacts with the shopping cart to purchase via Paypal or Google Checkout.
 The BigDoor API offers web developers help building game-like mechanics and loyalty programs into their sites or applications through points, badges, levels, leaderboards, virtual currency and virtual goods.
 Checkfront is a booking service that allows businesses to manage their schedule based inventories, centralize reservations, and process payments online. It can be used to manage accommodation, events, rentals and professional service bookings.
 The service enables payment from a user's mobile device directly to an application provider. When the user approves payment, the service accesses the credit balance stored on the device and transfers the approved amount directly to the application's designated account. It aims to streamline e-commerce and online payments without delays or costs due to intermediaries.
API methods support submission and retrieval of customer information, products available for purchase, promotional contacts to generate sales, invoicing, and payment for purchases. Methods also handle account management and messaging configuration.
 The Plastyc API allows businesses to enroll people into prepaid cards from their website or phone systems. Plastyc provides payment and money management services to anyone with Internet access through a platform that issues and maintains the UPside Visa prepaid card line of prepaid debit cards. The API allows companies to sign up users for UPside Visa prepaid cards, and then let users check their balances, share money card to card or suspend lost cards from within the companiesï¿½ own websites. The API uses SOAP architecture and responses are formatted in XML.
 Bill.com is designed to help ease the process of bill management and payments. The Bill.com API is design your functionality by building new applications like: Integrate and add new features to your accounting system, Sync information with Bill.com with your accounting package including vendors, accounts, departments, and money movements, Integrate your Accounts Receivable system with Bill.com, and Rebate processing.
 Offerpal Media is the leader in virtual currency monetization for online games, virtual worlds and social networks. The companyï¿½s turnkey payment platform gives consumers the opportunity to earn or buy virtual currency by completing targeted advertising offers or by purchasing it through direct, global payment options.
Offerpal has issued more than 750 billion virtual points to over 150 million consumers across 2,000 publishers and 190 countries since its launch in 2007. The service is embeddable as an I-Frame or XML/JSON feed. No public documentation is available.
 Using the JSON API, publishers with dynamic applications can create highly customized user experiences. Super Rewards provides a virtual currency monetization platform for social publishers and online communities. The Super Rewards platform can be deployed on any major social network, standalone website, mobile application, virtual world, or MMO to provide monetization functionality with less than an hour of deployment effort.
 The Buxter Java API allows Facebook application developers to use the Buxter transaction webservice to monetize their Facebook applications. Buxter is ClickandBuy's Facebook application. With Buxter, Facebook users can transfer money to each other, as well as purchase items in Facebook apps. Using the API, developers can securely create purchase links, query the status of transactions and cancel transactions.
 PrivatBank is the largest commercial bank in Ukraine. It offers a RESTful API that can connect any internet services, kiosks and software to their payment services and databases. SSL is supported and responses are formatted in XML. The site and documentation are in Russian.
 Chargify is an online payment service featuring recurring billing. The Chargify API allows developers to integrate the service into their application or website easily, featuring a RESTful interface.
 CheddarGetter is an online billing and subscription management system designed to make it easier to accept and track payments. The CheddarGetter API allows users to integrate the ChedderGetter service into their website or app.
 Spreedly gives web applications an easy way to handle subscription-based services. The service works through many well-known payment gateways, including PayPal and SagePay, to complete fast, secure transactions. The Spreedly API offers the tools to integrate its payment service into websites or apps.
 PayLeap provides merchants a secure, single-source payment solution which includes tokenized cardholder data vault, secure checkout using LeapLock, fraud management tools, virtual terminal, and electronic invoicing, scheduled/recurring payments and is the exclusive provider of PaySecureÂ® internet PIN Debit (IPD).
 Daopay enables global payments, charged to the phone bill. Supports payments from mobile and landline phones and by SMS and works in over 200 countries. Our API sends you HTTP Notifications; we call your web app when you've received a payment.
 Zuora is the leader in subscription billing and recurring payments. Our Z-Billing and Z-Payments products make it fast and easy to launch new products, scale operations, and automate recurring billing and subscription payments in one solution.
 From their site: Zaypay makes international micropayments through SMS, phone calls and other alternative pay methods a piece of cake. With its free service a micropayment can be integrated into your website for just minutes of your time. Using our API enables your application to talk with Zaypay directly, and allows Zaypay to talk back to your application.
 From their site: The API allows developers to create a downloadable good, upload a file into our system, create a download transaction, and present an end user with a download link. The API also provides supporting calls for functions like transaction status and product purchase button HTML generation. PayLoadz offers a secure Digital Goods eCommerce service for anyone to sell downloadable goods online. We provide a service to sell downloadable items such as: software, eBooks, music, movies, digital art, manuals, articles, certificates, forms, files, and anything else that can be downloaded. Our automated service delivers your products to your customers instantly after payment. Our system operates using PayPal's online payment system and Google Checkout.
 Online payment processing service for ACH and Credit Cards
With industry low transaction rates, no API surcharge, and revenue sharing opportunity, your business is poised to gain a profitable new recurring revenue stream.
