 Fitbit helps people lead healthier, more active lives by empowering them with data, inspiration and guidance to reach their goals. As the leader in the connected health and fitness category, Fitbit designs products and experiences that track everyday health and fitness. The Fitbit Web API enables third-party applications to access and write data on behalf of users.
 ESPN.com is an online platform for multiple sports news, statistics, team information, and player information. ESPN.com offers sports scores, standings, and other statistics for a variety of sports.
The ESPN.com API allows developers to access and integrate the data of ESPN.com with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving sports information, team information, and league information. Interested developers should sign up here for an API key: http://developer.espn.com/member/register.
 The Active.com API provides read-only access to data produced by systems within The Active Network. This includes things like running events, tennis tournaments, triathlons, high school sports ranking data, and campground availability data for 97% of the US and Canada's national and state/provincial parks. Assets include events, races, tournaments, facilities, classes and leagues. Several sites, including livestrong.com and ESPN, are active consumers of the API. All of the Active.com APIs are read-only and return public data. As a result, no security measures (SSL, Oauth) are required. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Strava is a social fitness service that allows users to share, compare and compete with other users' personal fitness data via mobile and online apps. Focusing on cyclists and runners, Strava lets users track their rides and runs via mobile apps or GPS device to analyze their performance. The Strava API provides several methods through which users can send and receive Strava data from a mobile device. These methods lets users access data on other athletes, efforts, rides and uploads. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 The Active.com API provides read-only access to data produced by systems within The Active Network. This includes things like baseball, basketball, soccer, football, hockey, lacrosse, softball, running events, tennis tournaments, triathlons, outdoor activities like fishing, kayaking, sailing, plus fitness and dance, and high school sports data. Several companies are active consumers of the API. The Active.com API also includes Campsite data.
 Yahoo Fantasy Sports is the world's largest fantasy sports provider, allowing users to compete against each other using statistics from real-world competitions. The Yahoo Fantasy Sports API provides rich data on leagues, teams and player information. This data can be used to build non-commercial tools and applications that help analyze draft results, review free agents, optimize current rosters, or other apps
The Yahoo Fantasy Sports API utilizes the Yahoo Query Language (YQL) as a mechanism to access Yahoo Fantasy Sports data, returning data in XML and JSON formats.
 MotorsportReg.com is a membership management and event registration service for motorsport driving and social events organized by clubs, racetracks and sanctioning bodies around the world. We make it easier and more fun for organizers to manage events by automating tasks, improving accuracy and saving time and help enthusiasts find great events to attend.
Events include autocross, driving schools, HPDE, club races, test days and rallies organized by groups like the SCCA, BMW CCA, PCA, Audi Club, Miller Motorsports Park and Circuit of the Americas.
 The Ergast Motor Racing Data API provides a historical record of motor racing data for non-commercial purposes. The API provides data for the Formula 1 and Formula E series, from the start of the World Championships in 1950 and 2014 respectively. New: Now provides Formula One lap times and pit stop data from the 2011 season onwards.
 From their site: MotionBased is a web application that translates GPS data into functional analysis and online mapping for endurance and outdoor athletes. Coming Fall, 2007. Currently the Web Services API is under development. We wanted to get the word out since it is a perfect match for the Garmin Communicator Plugin API. We will post announcements as components become available for testing.
 The Sportradar API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar service, using RESTful methods. Sportradar is a provider of sports data and content for over 40 different sports. They are also the official partner with the NBA, NFL, NHL & NASCAR.
 MapMyFitness runs a network of sites like MapMyWalk, MapMyRun, MapMyRide, MapMyTri, MapMyHike and MapMyMountain. The API provides an interface to much of the site's features, such as activity feeds, goals and events.
 Abios is a Stockholm-based esports company that provides engaging data and statistics services. The Abios Esports API provides access to the broad esports games database. Use the API to integrate esports in your products and exploit flexible tools for performing tasks such as calculating odds, creating fixtures, and posting live updates, among others.
 The Bundesliga Live Scores API allows developers to integrate the services into their applications, enabling users to retrieve (either live) all results for the current season, scorers, and the league table. Bundesliga is the top professional division of the German football league system. This service is provided by an independent developer.
 The La Liga Live Scores API allows developers to retrieve (either live) all results for the current season, scorers, and the league table. More features will be added in the near future. La Liga is the top professional division of the Spanish football league system. This service is provided by an independent developer.
 The Premier League Live Scores API allows developers to retrieve historical data as well as current season results, scorers, lineups, substitutes, events, statistics with live updates, plus, players data, missing players for a match, odds from several bookmakers and either prediction of matches result using an AI Deep Learning Engine based on H2O (https://www.h2o.ai). The Premier League is a professional English football league. This service is provided by an independent developer.
 The Italy SerieA League Live and Historical Results API allows developers to retrieve live Serie A results and data, including goals scored, lineups and substitutes, substitutions, yellow and red cards, statistics, and more. Developers can get results for every match that has occurred since the 1986-87 season.
 The NFL API provides users with access to a database of current and past NFL football statistics and game information. The database is updated every minute, even while games are being played. Data is available going back to 2009. The NFL API can provide answers to simple queries or return large data sets for more in-depth use. Users can get unlimited API calls for $10 per month.
 Live Scoreboards provides an API that delivers real-time football data, including live scores, future fixtures, team line-ups, and historical statistics. Leagues covered include the Barclays Premier League, League One, League Two, La Liga, and The Championship.
a-view-from-my-seat didn't extract the description
 The Visual DataFlex Football Pool API provides access to information on European football (soccer) teams, players, and games. Users can discover the names of all players on a team, who plays which position, and who has red or yellow cards. Users may also retrieve information on game results, as well as which cities and stadiums games are played in.
 XMLSOCCER.com is a web service that collects soccer data and makes the information available in XML to subscribers of the service. All functionality in the web service requires a unique API key (free after registering)
The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 XML Team Solutions is a sports news and data provider offering various solutions for businesses in need of syndicated content. These solutions include sports feeds, fantasy games, player analysis as well as local content creation. XML Team Solutions offers syndicated feeds covering all major North American sports leagues and events. The FlexSport API lets users query the site databases for all available XML feeds. Documentation is not publicly available.
 We are a provider of real-time, accurate sports statistics and sports content. Sportradar's data coverage includes all major U.S. sports, plus hundreds of leagues throughout the world. Data can be retrieved from Sportsradar via their API. This data includes schedules, standings, statistics, play by play, live images...etc The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON respectively.
 EveryTrail is a platform that allows users to share their travel experiences with geo-tagged locations, photos, and information with other people. EveryTrail includes trips in around 80 countries, with the types of trips ranging from skiing to roadtrips to geocaching.
The EveryTrail API allows developers to access information from EveryTrail to integrate into other applications. Some example API methods include creating and editing users, uploading trips and trip media, searching for trips, and voting on other trips.
 The TeamSnap API in REST architecture returns JSON data with team sports managing and organization, including event schedules, tracking payments and fees, areas for team photos, and file sharing.
 SeatGeek is a ticket search site that aggregates sports, concert, and theater ticket listings from Stubhub, ebay, TicketsNow, and many more. The site displays this information in addition to interactive seating charts to allow for easy assessment of ticket quality. The companyâ€™s Deal Score technology is used to identify which tickets for an event are the best bargains. It uses proprietary algorithms to forecast how ticket prices will move over time, enabling users to buy when prices are lowest.
The SeatGeek API provides developers with access to the companyâ€™s dataset of live events. The RESTful API returns requests in JSON, JSONP, and XML and can provide detailed information on venue lat/lon, average ticket price, seating location, and more. SeatGeek has a community portal that keeps a record of all support conversations and is a useful tool when looking to get questions answered.
With the addition of the SeatGeek Partner Program a site can earn money every time a user from that site buys tickets. Each time a partner sends a referral to SeatGeek and they purchase a ticket, SeatGeek will pay their partner 50% of the revenue earned on that transaction. Currently users are averaging $11 per sale generated.
 Dailymile is a "a social training log for runners, triathletes, and cyclists" that lets users create posts about their workouts, map workout routes, and compete with other users. Dailymile provides a RESTful API that lets developers access Dailymile data in their own applications.
 FanSnap is a live event ticket search engine for fans. Its mission is to provide the most comprehensive, accurate, fast and easy-to-use resource for fans to find the tickets they desire to sports, concerts, and theater events. FanSnap allows users of its website to search for tickets from all over the web in one place, choose seats, select the tickets and then purchase directly from the ticketing site. Add a similar service to your site. Monetization opportunities available through the FanSnap Affiliate Program.
 Use the MapMyRun API to connect directly to MapMyRun.com to access their data and your account. Use the Contact form to sign up and obtain docs.
 From their site: API for draft rankings from FantasyFootballNerd.com. Want to add some fantasy football content? The Nerd offers 2 different integration options to add our fantasy football content to your website. Quick and easy: Javascript integration; simply add our quick Javascript snippet to any page in your site to show our fantasy football content. Experts: XML integration; for those with a little more technical know-how, you can utilize our XML API within your fantasy football applications, mash it up, create your own Nerd database, or whatever other creative idea you have. Create an account to view instructions.
are-you-watching-this didn't extract the description
 The Betfair Exchange API is the platform on which developers can build customised betting tools and interfaces to use with the Betfair Sports Exchange for themselves or for other Betfair customers. Find markets, place bets, check current bet details, betting history and account statements.
 Get Bodybuilding Motivational Quotes from top athletes to Olympia legends.
the-connected-fan didn't extract the description
 Query for news, transfers, ticker, videos, results, transfer market from popular competitions and leagues
 Whether you need a First-Half Spread from Fanduel or a Third-Quarter Over/Under from PointsBet, we've got you covered. We work with all of the major, regulated sportsbook operators, translating their unique and disparate APIs into one, easy-to-use endpoint available in JSON and XML formats.
Our pre-game and in-play data covers MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL, College Basketball, College Football, Big 5 European Soccer (Bundesliga, EPL, La Liga, Ligue 1, Serie A), and MLS.
 The Tracehorse API provides developers with low-latency, real-time horse racing odds data from UK bookmakers. Available in JSON, Tracehorse delivers pre-race odds for multiple markets, covering UK and international racecourses.
 The TriReg.com Event Search API allows developers to get triathlon event search results in JSON format. These results are similar to the TriReg event calendar. No authentication is required for this API.
TriReg is an online event registration service for triathlon events. It provides registration, fundraising, marketing, and analytics tools all in one.
 The TriReg.com Event Director API allows developers to sign in and retrieve event, category, and registration data for their triathlon events. This API uses POST calls with both requests and responses given in JSON format.
TriReg is an online event registration service for triathlon events. It provides registration, fundraising, marketing, and analytics tools all in one.
 The RunReg.com Event Search API allows developers to get running event search results in JSON format. These results are similar to the RunReg event calendar. No authentication is required for this API.
RunReg is an online event registration service for running events. It provides registration, fundraising, marketing, and analytics tools all in one.
 The RunReg.com Event Director API allows developers to sign in and retrieve event, category, and registration data for their running events. This API uses POST calls with both requests and responses given in JSON format.
RunReg is an online event registration service for running events. It provides registration, fundraising, marketing, and analytics tools all in one.
 The SkiReg.com Event Director API allows developers to sign in and retrieve event, category, and registration data for their skiing events. This API uses POST calls with both requests and responses given in JSON format.
SkiReg is an online event registration service for skiing events. It provides registration, fundraising, marketing, and analytics tools all in one.
 The SkiReg.com Event Search API allows developers to get skiing event search results in JSON format. These results are similar to the SkiReg event calendar. No authentication is required for this API.
SkiReg is an online event registration service for skiing events. It provides registration, fundraising, marketing, and analytics tools all in one.
 SportScribe's algorithm writes sports content for you to publish on your website / app
 The ZenSports API is programmatic access to ZenSports services that allow you to; retrieve data about ZenSports balances, retrieves data about supported currencies, retrieves a list of orders, accepts a specific bet and more. Requests to the API require a token as authentication to access services for; Funds and Transactions, Betting, Countries, SPORTS Exchange and others. ZenSports is Peer-to-Peer mobile sports betting globally.
 This API is in Beta release. The theCrag Webhook API allows you to register webhook callbacks for events from the server that alerts you about changes to the database. theCrag API enables programmatic access to rock climbing information to build applications and includes; Projects, Access, Application key, Protected resources and Read access points. TheCrag is a global collaborative rock climbing and bouldering platform that provides solutions for climbers, route setters and advocacy groups, gyms, camps and more.
 This API is in Beta release. theCrag API enables programmatic access to rock climbing information to build applications and includes; Projects, Access, Application key, Protected resources and Read access points. It allows you to; access read-only crag information, update crag information, access read-only public account information and more. TheCrag is a global collaborative rock climbing and bouldering platform that provides solutions for climbers, route setters and advocacy groups, gyms, camps and more.
 Access to great, motivating quotes from the many interviews Bulk Hackers have done with the best in fitness and sports.
 free REST API for random Shannon Sharpe quotes.
 The Golf World API retrieves golfer statistics, golf clubs, courses, holes, photos, states, and provinces. Developers can make calls to the API with GET verbs to receive responses in Text and JSON formats.
 The Golf Savers API enables golf booking services in the Asia-Pacific region. The API supports geographic and financial data, golf rates, and region information. Each request must be authenticated using HTTP Basic Auth. The API returns JSON formatted responses.
 The Golf-Course Database API offers detailed information about gold courses. The API features REST architecture, and HTTP Basic authentication. The database covers over 39,000 gold courses around the world, 108 different fields for each club, and offers rigorous data quality.
 The Zest.Golf API enables developers to access golf courses available for booking, golf course lists, available tee times, and booking management. The API offers a booking interface which can link to the booking page or embed the booking page. Zest.Golf provides online booking features for the golf industry.
 The Golf Scorecard Pro API displays golf live scoring, scorecards, players, courses, and rounds in real-time from an iPhone.
With the API, developers can create a new competition, update a round, access competition details and leaderboard. Golf Scorecard Pro is an iPhone App that allows focusing on a game while scoring.
 ElenaSport.io - Your fast, reliable and affordable sports data provider.
For developers, analysts, football fans and all those who need live&historical football data enriched with details, statistics, logos, pictures.
Find out more:
https://elenasport.io/#header-section
 The iSports Basketball API provides data about more than 300 basketball leagues and cups, including matches from 50 countries. Get live scores, lineups, schedules, results, player information, and odds with this API.
 The Soccers API enables JSON information associated with live-scores, leagues, results, player statistics, player profiles, historical data, bookmakers, and In-Play odds. The API requires Tokens for authentication. This platform features 99.9% availability, accurate statistics, 24/7 support, and a 15-day free trial option.
 The Kindred Sportsbook Events REST API provides sports betting odds and data. This is version 2 of the API and includes methods for retrieving bet offers based on events, outcomes, participants, as well as betting event listings, groups, calendar and live data. Sports such as football, racing, golf and more are included. Sportsbook APIs offer feeds for online betting, finding most favorable odds, most popular, live streamed events and much more. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to receive JSON formats in return when they call the API.
 The Divesites API returns database information for scuba divers including location, weather, latitude & longitude, map, and tide stations. The API supports POST and GET methods, JSON and AJAX formats. Divesites API determines the location using Geo IP location and return sites in a radius from that point.
 The balldontlie API provides data about NBA basketball, including players, teams, games, and statistics. Developers can use the API to retrieve player-specific season averages. The balldontlie API offers JSON formatted responses.
 The Golfbert API provides golf course information including GPS coordinates, and geo polygons of course holes. Additionally, the API provides tracking tools such as shot-by-shot stats, and metrics. Data is provided in JSON format. Golfbert offers automated stat tracking tools, and geo-plotted course maps.
 The iSports Football API provides data about more than 1400 football (soccer) leagues and cups, including matches from 110 countries. Get live scores, lineups, schedules, results, player information, odds and more with this API.
iSports API is a provider of sports data which is fast and reliable but also with an affordable price. The company has detailed performance data covering numerous competitions around the world, which enable us to feed all your sports data needs in a good way.
As a company devoted to sports industry for 12 years, we've served news media, sports enthusiast platforms, football club and sports betting operators with our passion and professional data services. iSports API is your trusted partner if you looking for a chance to start or enhance your own app/website with powerful data.
 TheRundown offers real-time odds and scores from major sports-books. NFL, NBA, WNBA, MLB, NHL, NCAA Football, and NCAA Basketball are supported. The API enables specific information associated with sports by ID, affiliates, and lines. This API returns JSON formatted responses.
 This Odds API is a Betting Odds service to access Odds data for sporting events globally, with results that are returned in easy-to-read JSON format.
 The Unofficial LiveScore API queries football, cricket, basketball, tennis, hockey matches, leagues, and sports news, as on official LiveScore.com sites. Endpoints include lists by league, date, and live event.
 Get all Major and Minor tournament data, match data, Esports teams and real time scores from live tournaments. Esports API for Dota2, League of Legends and Counter-Strike Global Offensive
 The Broadage Sports Data Baseball API provides daily baseball live scores, schedules, and standings for both general and conference-based results.
Broadage is a sports data and technology company that offers API access to real-time data feeds for developers' projects and applications. Developers will need to create an account to get started with the APIs.
 The Broadage Sports Data Soccer API provides access to fixtures, livescores, standings, missing players, and much more. This API provides in-depth, real-time coverage of more than 320 soccer tournaments from around the world.
Broadage is a sports data and technology company that offers API access to real-time data feeds for developers' projects and applications. Developers will need to create an account to get started with the APIs.
 The Broadage Sports Data Football API provides developers with access to daily live football scores, schedules, standings, and more. This includes detailed live data for matches in the pre-season, regular season, playoffs, conference finals, and Super Bowl.
Broadage is a sports data and technology company that offers API access to real-time data feeds for developers' projects and applications. Developers will need to create an account to get started with the APIs.
 The Broadage Sports Data Basketball API provides information on basketball matches, tournaments, and teams. It offers livescores, play-by-play, boxscore, match statistics, and more for over 100 tournaments worldwide.
Broadage is a sports data and technology company that offers API access to real-time data feeds for developers' projects and applications. Developers will need to create an account to get started with the APIs.
 The Broadage Sports Data Handball API provides access to handball fixtures, livescores, and standings. Developers can retrieve real-time data for teams or tournaments.
Broadage is a sports data and technology company that offers API access to real-time data feeds for developers' projects and applications. Developers will need to create an account to get started with the APIs.
 The Broadage Sports Data Volleyball API provides access to fixtures, standings, and livescores data for volleyball. Set and match scores are provided live and updated instantly.
Broadage is a sports data and technology company that offers API access to real-time data feeds for developers' projects and applications. Developers will need to create an account to get started with the APIs.
 The Broadage Sports Data Ice Hockey API provides ice hockey scores from games around the world. It also provides schedules and standings for the pre-season, regular season, and playoffs.
Broadage is a sports data and technology company that offers API access to real-time data feeds for developers' projects and applications. Developers will need to create an account to get started with the APIs.
 The Broadage Sports Data Global API provides access to a list of sports that are supported in the global coverage. The recommended API call interval is 1 per day, and the daily maximum is 4 per day.
Broadage is a sports data and technology company that offers API access to real-time data feeds for developers' projects and applications. Developers will need to create an account to get started with the APIs.
 The Suunto Workout API provides access to workouts recorded on Suunto watches. Developers can export workouts in FIT format, get a workout image, get a workout summary in JSON, or get a list of workout data. This API is under development and will offer more features in the future.
Suunto sells custom sports watches for tracking personal data. Suunto APIs are only available to companies and organizations and are not for personal use.
 The Suunto Authorisation API allows developers to perform the OAuth 2 authentication required to gain access rights to transfer data to or from Suunto systems.
Suunto sells custom sports watches for tracking personal data. Suunto APIs are only available to companies and organizations and are not for personal use.
 The Suunto Daily Activity API provides developers with daily steps and energy consumption data based on values from Suunto watches. Data is stored and fetched using UTC time. The documentation includes code samples in common programming languages.
Suunto sells custom sports watches for tracking personal data. Suunto APIs are only available to companies and organizations and are not for personal use.
 This API allows users to access data about physical activity including sites, events, participants, ages, lockers, showers, accessibility, schema, and much more. The API can be used to place bookings to participate in physical activities. OpenActive is a community initiative that uses open data with the aim to get UK citizens more active.
 The SpeedskatingResults API provides programmatic access to data from the SpeedskatingResults.com database. Developers can retrieve competitions for a given skater, a skater's personal records, a country's national records, current Olympic records, current world records, and more. Data can be retrieved in either JSON or XML format. This API supports Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS).
 The Makesweat API provides access to an online personalized fitness training and sports class platform. This includes services for booking, event administration, email, payments and more. Makesweat provides tools to get sports activities online for community sports clubs, professional fitness organization and more.
 The MMA API returns martial mixed arts data in JSON format. Developers can implement events, fights, and referees information into applications. With the API, developers can analyze sports to predict future successes or determine how well fighters age.
 Fight Analytics API provides data about combat fighting for betting or other uses. This API provides real-time data for such as live scores, live stats by fighter, text commentaries, historical data, and more for UFC, One FC, World Series of Fighting, KSW, Bellator and others. It provides bookmakers tools to manage pricing and mathematical models. This API is a RESTful service that supports file formats for XML, JSON and CSV. Fight Analytics is a global data company and independent UFC statistics provider that specializes in MMA combat sports.
 The Powderhook Events API returns hunting, fishing, and shooting events data in the United States. Data includes event title, location, description, host name, registration links, pricing, and more. It gets data from 50 state agencies as well as Cabela's, NWTF, MDF, Eventbrite, Kalkomey, and others. Interested developers can register for API and documentation access.
 The Bets Results API allows developers to query results for sports events from outside services, including BetFred, WilliamHill, Sbobet, and Betsson. All but a small percent of events for each service are covered.
This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI, a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes.
 The Bets Sbobet API provides programmatic access to data on inplay, upcoming matches, events, and results for various sports from Sbobet, an Asian handicap specialist. Sbobet offers odds for sports, casinos, games, and horse racing.
This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI, a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes.
 The Bets Betway API provides access to data on inplay, upcoming matches, events, and results for various sports from Betway, a global online gambling company.
This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI, a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes.
 Sports Tracking Data is an API to serve 3 key concepts for quantified self :
* Sport activity tracking
* Body measures
* Personal statistics
You can create application to improve the user experience by adding new features (like ranking, more deep analysis, etc.)
You can also create an application to create new sports activity for example with a mobile application or a tracking device.
 The Bets Betfair API provides access to betting data from Betfair. This is not an official API and does not contain Betfair's direct betting feature.
This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI, a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes.
 The Bets BWin API provides developers with programmatic access to inplay, event, prematch odds, and results data. This data is sourced from BWin, an online betting and gambling platform.
This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI, a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes.
 The Bets Bet365 API provides programmatic access to all markets and odds available on the Bet365 website. Developers can retrieve all markets and odds or just prematch markets and odds.
This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI, a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes.
 The Bets Events API provides access to fixtures, inplay, and results data aggregated from Bet365 and other sources. It offers historical data going back to September 2016. Endpoints are provided for specific sports such as soccer, basketball, or tennis.
This API is one of several offered by BetsAPI, a service that gives live results and fixtures on a variety of sports for betting purposes.
 The Smashrun API provides access to analytical tools for runners that enable them to visualize and interact with their entire training history. This API allows developers to save and read runs from Smashrun, retrieve aggregated stats for a given time period, get a polyline of a running route, get a list of badges a user has earned, save and retrieve a user's profile info, and more.
 This Goalserve API is a NBA Basketball Data Feed that provides data about Fixtures, Live scores, Results, In-Game player statistics, Profiles, Injuries, H2H, Historical Data, Prematch and Inplay Odds. Detailed coverage is provided for NBA live, NCAA live, European & other competitions, Live score, Team rosters, Odds, Injuries, Schedules and Season stats in XML and JSON formats. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 This Goalserve API is a Esports Data Feed that provides Fixtures, Live scores, Game Stats, Streams feeds and more. Services for; Live score and Esports odds are available in XML and JSON formats. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 This Goalserve API is a Horse Racing Data Feed that provides racing entries, results, horse form tracker, history results, and odds comparison with coverage for horse racing in UK, USA, South Africa, France and Sweden. Services for; US racing and UK racing are available in XML and JSON formats. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 This Goalserve API is a MLB Data Feed that provides Fixtures, Live scores, Results, In-Game player statistics, Profiles, Injuries, H2H, Historical Data since 2010, Prematch and more. Services for; MLB live, MLB rosters, MLB schedule, Odds, Season stats, and Injuries are available in XML and JSON formats. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 This Goalserve API is a Tennis Data Feed that provides Fixtures, Live scores, Results, In-Game player statistics, Profiles, Point by Point scores, Prematch and Inplay Odds with detailed coverage for Grand Slams, ATP, WTA, ITF and more. Services for; Live score, Tennis odds, Player profiles and Rankings are available in XML and JSON formats. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 This Goalserve API is a Ice Hockey Data Feed that provides Fixtures, Live scores, Results, In-Game player statistics, Profiles, Injuries, H2H, Historical Data, Prematch and Inplay Odds with detailed coverage for NHL, KHL and more. Services for; NHL live, KHL live, NHL rosters, Finland Liiga live, KHL rosters, Odds and Injuries are available in XML and JSON formats. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 This Goalserve API is a Odds Comparison Data Feed that provides pre-match and in-play odds directly from more than 30 bookmakers. Services for; Soccer odds, Hockey odds, Tennis odds, Esports odds, Basketball odds and Inplay odds are available in XML and JSON formats. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 This Goalserve API is a Cricket Data Feed that provides Fixtures, Live scores, Results, Scorecards, Profiles, Ball by Ball feeds and more. Services for; Live scorecard, Tours, Team squads, Fixtures and Player profile are available in XML and JSON formats. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 This Goalserve API is a Football Data Feed that provides Live scores, Fixtures and Results, In-Game player stats, Profiles, Injuries, H2H, Historical Data, Prematch, and Inplay Odds that are detailed coverage for NFL, College and more. Services for; NFL live, NCAAF live, Team Rosters, Injuries, Schedules, Odds and others are available in XML and JSON formats. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 The Goalserve Soccer API is a Football Data Feed that provides Live scores, Fixtures and Results, for In-Game player stats and data. Services for Profiles, Injuries, Historical Data, Pre Match and Inplay Odds feeds are available in XML and JSON formats. This includes; Live Score, Live Stats, Standings, Fixtures and more. Goalserve delivers live sports data feeds in a wide range of competencies that includes; Soccer, NFL, Odds, Cricket, MLB, NBA, Hockey, Tennis, Horse Racing and Esports.
 The Powder Project Data API provides trail information that is publicly available on the Powder Project site. The API supports returning ski trail information, returning a list of trails by ID, and returning up to 200 of the user's to-dos. This data is available in JSON format. Powder Project is crowdsourced skiing information website run by volunteers and backed by REI's Adventure Projects, Inc.
 The Polar TeamPro API provides endpoints to Get teams and team details, team training sessions and details, players training session and details and more. Polar provides information on an athlete’s sports performance for people’s lifestyle, rehabilitation and weight management.
 The Gracenote Sports API offers programmatic access to the Gracenote sports database. For each sport a set of API calls can be used to retrieve the data you need from sport leagues around the world, including 4,500 North American, European and Asian leagues and competitions, including the NFL, MLB, NBA, NCAA, English Premier League, Bundesliga, F1, Tour de France, Wimbledon and global events such as the Olympics, FIFA World Cup and Asian Games. The data is available in multiple languages, and is returned in JSON or XML formats. Interested developers need to contact the provider for API documentation and access.
 The Magic Seaweed Forecast API allows access to core marine weather data for creative and interesting projects that support developers and surfers. The API requires a valid API key and follows Restful convention to query for information that retrieves a JSON array of data representing the forecast.
The Magic Seaweed Forecast service provides access to core weather and ocean open data, whose purpose is specifically for surfers and surfing but is also useful for a huge range of activities. Magic Seaweed supports global surf forecasting and news service.
 TheSportsDB is a community database of sports artwork and data with an free API. The TheSportsDB API is an open online database of sports data that integrates into applications, web etc. It is a simple JSON API that provides a collection of metadata, artwork, results and more. We cover hundreds of sports including: Soccer, NFL, NBA, NHL, ESports, Cycling, Tennis, Cricket, Formula 1, Formula E, Rally, Various other Motorsports, Golf, Rugby and NRL with Live Scores, Logos, Fanart, Rosters, player contracts and honors as well as Tv Sports schedules and listings.
 The Hiking Project Data API provides access to some of the data found on the publicly available pages of the Hiking Project website. Developers can retrieve trails by maximum distance, minimum trail length, or minimum star rating. They can also get conditions for a given trail or retrieve a list of up to 200 of a user's to-dos.
 The ShotTracker API is a sports performance platform that provides basketball team statistics such as zone maps, shot charts, and box scores. This API is capable of displaying a leaderboard for the team or for a specific player, analyze stats, and show live player movement in applications. The API returns JSON formatted responses and uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication.
 ShotTracker provides a real-time interface for notifications, live meta-data about teams and players, and court information. All methods require a subscription Token. ShotTracker is a sports performance platform that provides basketball team statistics such as zone maps, shot charts, and box scores. This API is capable of displaying a leaderboard for the team or for a specific player, analyze stats, and show live player movement in applications.
 The Scorebat Free Video API for Football (Soccer) allows you to embed codes of all the goals and highlights from a number of football leagues and tournaments including the Premier League, Champions League, La Liga, Serie A, Bundesliga and many more in a free JSON feed.
ScoreBat provides real-time football coverage from all around the world, including results of the matches in all of the football leagues and competitions, video highlights and goal replays delivered to you while the match is still being played and high-quality live-streaming of the matches.
 REI's Mountain Project (via Adventure Projects) is a crowd-sourced guide to climbing areas and routes built by climbers, providing a definitive climbing resource. Contributors add areas and routes, detailed descriptions, photos, ratings, and comments to bring you an extensive guide to climbing around the world, with more added on a daily basis.
The Mountain Project API provides simple access to certain limited data. All of the data returned by the API is already available on publicly available pages on the Mountain Project site. The API can return returns general user information, the user's most recent ticks (keeping track of what you've climbed), auser's to-dos, details for up to 200 routes, and routes for a given query. All requests require a private key that identifies you. Data is returned in JSON.
Usage of the API is at Mountain Project's sole discretion and may be discontinued at any time. Every request is tracked to be sure your code caches data and does not make excessive requests or your account will be deactivated.
 Entity Digital Sports Basketball API is fast, reliable, accurate and affordable which provides detailed 20+ in play Player Statistic, Enable apps with live scores, pre-match odds, play by play, live points table, team stats, player profile, fantasy credits with this API. Detailed coverage of NBA and 30+ leagues.
 Affordable Soccer Stats API for making Soccer/Football predictions. Includes stats such as: Over and Unders, BTTS, Corners, Cards, Goals and so much more. Over 300 leagues bursting with data. Includes standard football data such as matches, teams, players, lineups, results, and fixtures.
 This Entity Sport Data Feed provides information of all available cricket seasons, a tour that one country takes on to another country, or a local and international league, access to live match updates of active inning, update of live inning of the match, details of player info that includes; Seasons, Competition Matches, Match Live, Player Profile and more.
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit System API. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. This Fitbit System service launches an application given a UUID and includes; Variable memory, Interface memory, Interface memory usage and more. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit Appbit API. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. Appbit provides properties and methods that work with the application running on the Fitbit device. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 This is a fast, reliable and accurate Football (soccer) API that provides details in Match Player Statistic including passing, defense, attack data. Enable apps with live scores, pre-match odds, commentary, live points table, team stats, player profile, fantasy credits with this API.
 The Sleep API endpoint returns a summary and list of a user's sleep log entries, returns a list of detailed sleep entry data for a given date range, returns a list of a user's sleep logs and more. Authentication is validated using a token, with the API response in JSON. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit App Launch API. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. The App Launch API allows an application to launch another and pass the data as launch arguments. It enables a clock face that displays the current temperature, with the ability to provide a launch button for that Weather application. This allows it to display more details about the current weather conditions. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit Scientific API. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. The Scientific module provides you with the ability to operate on Float32 Arrays with near-native performance. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 The Global Pickleball Network API provides information related to courts, users, pickleball ladders, and tournaments. This data is offered in JSON format. The API requires API Keys per call.
 The Fitbit Food Logging API endpoint returns the food locales for a user to search, log, and create food in, returns a user's updated daily calorie consumption goal and/or food Plan, returns a summary and list of a user's food log entries for a given day and more. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 The Fitbit User Profile & Settings API endpoint provides a way to access a user's profile, update a user's profile, retrieve the user's badges, and more. Only an authenticated user will receive all values, with numerical values returned in the unit system specified in the Accept-Language header. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 The Fitbit Heart Rate API endpoint returns time series data in the specified range for a given resource and returns the intraday time series for a given resource. This includes; data for
Heart Rate Zones, Calories Out for Cardio, Fat burn and Peak, Resting Heart Rate and more. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 The Fitbit Authorization API endpoint provides a way to make a request to the Fitbit API using OAuth 2.0. After a user is authorized in your application by using the Authorization Code Grant Flow, the application exchanges the authorization code for an access token. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit App Launch API. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. The App Launch API allows an application to launch another and pass the data as launch arguments. The File Transfer API Outbox allows applications to enqueue new file transfers and list currently queued file transfers, it also includes an incoming inbox queue of file transfers. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 The Fitbit Friends API endpoint returns the data of a user's friends, gets the user's friends leaderboard, creates an invitation to become friends with an authorized user and more. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
fitbit-body-&-weight didn't extract the description
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit Exercise API. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. The Exercise API allows developers to build applications that mirror behavior's of the Fitbit Exercise application. The API captures activity sessions containing granular heart-rate data, calories, steps, active minutes, and GPS data. The data is synchronized in the cloud and available to view on the Fitbit mobile app, or on fitbit.com/activities. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit File Transfer Upload API. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. The File Transfer Upload API is a Fitbit Device File Transfer Outbox system that allows you to get files off of a Fitbit device. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 The Fitbit Activity & Exercise Logs API endpoint retrieves a summary and list of a user's activities and activity log entries for a given day, returns time series data in the specified range for a given resource, creates log entry for an activity or user's private custom activity using units in the unit system and more. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 The Fitbit Settings API provides a way for developers to make applications that are configurable by users. The Settings API provides a number of predefined components. Fitbit developers can create a settings definition file to configure an application within the Fitbit mobile application on their phone, and the settings can be sent to the Fitbit device. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 This Companion API supports Fitbit WebSocket events by establishing a socket connection between a companion and a server. The Companion events connect a map for the events used in WebSockets, the event sent by the WebSocket object when a message is received from the server, the event sent by the WebSocket object when the connection closes and more. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 The Companion API provides information about the running companion application, access to permissions, and oAuth access tokens. The Companion provides an additional JavaScript runtime environment that exists within the Fitbit mobile application, to utilize resources and sensors of the mobile device. Fitbit applications are not required to have an associated companion unless you need to perform the following; Communicate with Web APIs, Download images or other resources from the internet, Utilize the mobile device GPS sensor and Persist data on the mobile device. The Companion APIs are accessible by applications which run within the Fitbit mobile applications only. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 This Fitbit Subscriptions API provides notifications that are sent in near real-time to an endpoint that you choose, using HTTP POST requests made by Fitbit to URLs that you register. These URL's must be accessible by Fitbit servers and be able to accept incoming HTTP POST requests and process the JSON content. The Fitbit Subscription API allows you to; Receive update notifications, Configure a subscriber, Verify a subscriber and more. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 This is indirect access to the Fitbit Device API. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. The Fitbit Device API is accessible by applications which run on Fitbit devices only. Fitbit provides connected products that track health and fitness.
 API-NBA offers access to NBA related resources such as seasons, leagues, teams, players, game details, and game statistics. Responses are JSON formatted.
 The Decathlon Partners API can be used by any developer worldwide to obtain details of our partners who are specialized in certain sports. This data is primarily sourced from Decathlon's global network of sports experts.
Currently, this API is for internal use only until Decathlon has fully completed authorization controls in conjunction with the Decathlon Connect team in France.
 The Decathlon Sports API can be used by any developer worldwide to obtain details of Decathlon Sports. This data is primarily sourced from Decathlon's global network of sports experts and friends.
An API key is only required when modifying data (restricted to Decathlon employees only.) No key is needed to read data.
 The Decathlon Sport Activities API allows creation and organization of events (places, dates, and people). At the moment, this application is for internal use only, but their goal to make it usable by partners.
In France, a frontend is bound to this API at https://activites.decathlon.fr. An API Key is required for all API calls. To obtain an API key, you must contact Decathlon. Only GET /v1/events is available without a JWT token. Everything else is accessible either with FED token or Decathlon Connect token.
 The Decathlon Sport Places API can be used by any developer worldwide to obtain details of geographic locations where certain sports can be played. This data is primarily sourced from Decathlon's global network of sports experts.
You must authenticate your requests with an API token in the header. GET requests do not require authentication. A JWT token is required for all POST, PUT/PATCH, and DELETE requests. To obtain a token, please contact developers@decathlon.com
 The Sportickr Soccer API returns detailed JSON soccer data. Over 20 endpoints are available which return league information, seasons, scores, and more. Sportickr offers a free plan that includes 1,600 requests per endpoint per hour. A personal API Key must be included in each cURL request. Sportickr offers algorithm analyzed sport related data with probabilities for scores and final outcomes.
 The API-FOOTBALL API provides RESTful access to football (soccer) data. The service currently covers 460 competitions with livescores, standings, events, pre-match odds, bookmakers, statistics, players, lineups, predictions, trophies, coachs, sidelined, historical data.
 The Football Prediction API allows developers to get predictions for upcoming football (soccer) matches, results for past matches, and performance monitoring for statistical models. Available match details include average bookie odds, team strength index, stadium capacity, results for past matches, and distance between teams. This service covers the Union of European Football Associations, Asian Football Confederation, North Central American and Caribbean Association Football, Oceania Football Confederation, South American Football Confederation, and Confederation of African Football.
 The API is designed for 3rd-party softwares, editors and partners. Its main purpose is to give access the core data of a Pims customer (i.e. events, ticket counts and promotions). Pims is an events software provider.
 The WorldCup 2018 API offers JSON formatted data related to teams, matches, stadiums, and players. Data is provided in English, Vietnamese, Chinese, Thai, Japanese, and Korean. The API employs API Keys for authentication.
 The Sport Fixtures API provides the latest fixtures in the Premier League. The API supports lists of sports, lists of tournaments, specific tournament information, events in a tournament, and specific events. JSON is the preferred response format.
 The Boggio Analytics Football Prediction API provides predictions for upcoming football matches, average bookie odds, results for past matches and performance monitoring for the statistical models. The API supports competitions in over 90 countries and in over 140 leagues. Boggio Analytics makes products to build data applications that Extract, Transform, and Predict.
 Press Association Olympics API captures official data associated with various Olympics games including the Olympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018, Paralympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018, and Olympic games in Tokyo 2020. The API's current version provides endpoints to search parameters for games, discipline, organization, unit, event, phase, venue, participant, and medal table. Press Association is the UK national news agency that provides multimedia content and services to customers.
 The Hooks:Data API allows developers to access Hooks alerts and data notifications to integrate with their applications. Hooks:Data allows users to get real-time updates through push notifications on specified topics, and to chat with other people at the exact same moment something happens. Topic channels include TV and movies, events such as concerts, weather, news, shipments, finance, social media, sports, and more.
Hooks Data is a real-time data provider about thousands of topics in hundreds of categories in a single API. It has a custom query language to choose what data you need and it will deliver it in real-time using webhooks or you can pull the data anytime.
Hooks Data currently has these topics and ADD NEW TOPICS WEEKLY:
- RSS/Feeds updates in Real-time
- Soccer Games
- Weather conditions worldwide.
- Twitter mentions
- TV Shows Episodes
- NBA, NHL, NFL, MLB Games
- Cryptocurrencies and Stocks updates
 The Foreca Ski Feed offers up-to-date information from over 2.000 global ski resorts. The feed updates continuously as new information is received from the resorts and other sources. The information is provided as an XML feed, making it easy to process and quick to integrate into a web page or other channels. Various visualization options can easily be implemented based on the provided data.
The feed delivers information from the nearest ski resorts to a given location. The response will contain general information about the resort, opening times and last reported conditions on the slopes. The service is ideal for media, travel agencies and other services reporting about points of interest. An atmospheric weather forecast for the covered resorts is also provided as part of the package.
Ski resort information is currently available for Europe, North America, and Japan, but can be extended as necessary. A complete list of available resorts is available on request.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Blackout Rugby API is designed for use in the integration of rugby data in applications. The RESTful API returns responses in JSON format. Blackout Rugby is a sports management game.
 The ScoreStream API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ScoreStream with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. ScoreStream provides an engagement and management platform for team, club, school, and league sports to engage with each other and their fans.
The ScoreStream API is for developers who need access to ScoreStream's information programmatically. The API supports both an HTTPS Json REST interface and an HTTPS WebSocket interface.
 The Polar AccessLink API allows you to obtain a direct information sharing link between the Polar ecosystem products such as their health trackers and smart watches and and organization’s own data system. Polar provides information on an athlete’s sports performance for people’s lifestyle, rehabilitation and weight management.
 The Weather Unlocked Ski Resort API makes it easier for developers to include SKI Resort Snow Report and Mountain Forecast data in applications. Access requires sign up for API key. Make requests are over HTTP or HTTPS. The API returns responses in JSON or XML format.
 Sportmonks is a provider of data feeds for a variety of sports disciplines including Soccer/Football, Formula 1, Tennis, Basketball, and American Football. The Sportmonks Formula 1 API provides data feeds for livescores, schedules, results, constructor championship, and driver championship. The Formula 1 package costs EUR65 a month. The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 Sportmonks is a provider of data feeds for a variety of sports disciplines including Soccer/Football, Formula 1, Tennis, Basketball, and American Football. The Sportmonks Soccer API provides data feeds for live scores, full season fixtures, video highlights, and in-play odds among other features. Users can access historical data stretching way back to 2005. Its Free Plan package offers 180 API calls and an endpoint. The Euro Plan Basic offers 1500 API calls, an endpoint, and access to over 20 European leagues at EUR25 monthly fees, with the World Plan Basic offering 1500 API calls, an endpoint and access to over 50 worldwide leagues at EUR75 monthly fees. The largest package is the Pro Plan Basic that offers 1500 API calls, an endpoint and access to over 500 worldwide leagues at EUR125 monthly fees. The Sportmonks Soccer API conveys requests and responses in JSON format.
 magayo is a provider of software and data solutions for a variety of platforms including sports, lottery, weather, and finance. The magayo Goal Football API simplifies the integration of football fixtures, livescores and results, and standings in sports websites and apps. It supports the integration of data for the leading soccer leagues in Europe and other regions including English Premier League, German Bundesliga, French Ligue 1, Spain’s La Linga, and Italy’s Serie A. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format over HTTPS.
 fantasysportnet offers live information about the top European football leagues (Premier League, Bundesliga, Spanish Primera División, and Lega Serie A). Developers need only to request data with the following parameters: league, week, and season. API Keys are required for authentication. Responses are encoded in XML format.
 The Fantasy Sport Net API provides realtime programmatic access to stats from the Premier League, Bundesliga, Spanish Premiera Division, and Serie A over XML. API requests must include the desired league, week, and season. Returned data includes team names, game dates, kickoff times, game status, scores, goal times, player stats, cards, and penalties.
 The Pandascore REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Pandascore with other applications. Some example API methods include filtering data, retrieving league data, and performing data sorts. Pandascore provides data and insights on and for eSports competitions.
 The Pandascore Live Websocket API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Pandascore with other applications. Some example API methods fetching events and connecting the websockets. Pandascore provides data and insights on and for eSports competitions.
 The Coras API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Coras with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Coras at contact@coras.io for more information about the API and to access the documentation. Coras is a platform that lets people buy tickets for any event and activities using the websites and applications they already use. Online retailers can integrate the Coras API with their site to offer the service.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Bets API allows developers to integrate player interface for placing single, multiple, and complex bets in addition to providing mechanisms for retrieving a player’s bet history. In addition to providing access to betting history by bet type, date, or settlement status, the API provides functionality for generating bet delays. The API sends JSON-formatted requests and responses.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Accounts API provides parameters for querying customer accounts. Developers using the API can build data mining applications for user account activities such as available balance. The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Numbers API supports the random generation of numbers for gambling applications. Developer can use the API to generate unique values or determine winning or losing values by chance. Developers must seek approval from the provider to be able to consume the API.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Locations API provides various methods for accessing geographical data. This includes the UK addresses lookup service which generates automatic suggestions of nearest addresses that new customers can fill in their registration forms. The APIs conveys JSON-formatted requests and responses.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill SportsData API provides a RESTful platform for providing data related to William Hill’s gambling products including competitions, events, markets, and sports. The API’s requests and responses are formatted in JSON.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Betslips API allows developers to create different bet categories like single, double, and complex bets. It provides access to information about the composition of a complex bet, such as the total stake, alongside details such as availability of free bets for placing a bet. The API returns responses in JSON format.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Wallets API is useful for integrating an interface for transferring funds from either a credit or debit card platform to a user account. It transmits requests and responses in JSON format.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Profiles API provides developers a suite of data retrieval or modification methods for managing customer profiles. It supports the performance of administrative tasks and the manipulation of profile settings as well as the integration of interactive features such as follow, unfollow, share, and like. The API’s access requires an authentication ticket that should be acquired through the William Hill Sessions API.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Competitions API supports the integration of third-party applications that retrieve pricing information for competitions. It makes it easier for developers to access to customers’ desired betting events and provides a single-request endpoint for accessing the updated prices associated to the results of the bet events.
 The BIG6 Data API is a subscription based service that provides information about the 6 major north american sports leagues. The API returns data (such as game schedules, spreads, moneylines, and post-game scores) sourced from 15 major bookmakers. XML and JSON are the preferred response formats. Documentation is not publicly available.
 The Baseball History API allows developers to query the SQL Baseball Statistics Database programmatically for data on MLB players and teams from 1873 to 2018. This is a RESTful API created using ASP.NET Core 2.0 Web API. Both the API and the database are hosted on Windows Azure.
 The BARZZ API allows users to retrieve detailed bar and nightclub venue information including bar type, location, amenities, hours, daily specials, and more. The BARZZ API supports both Business and Search requests. Registration is available at barzz.3scale.net to request approval for a user key to begin using the API. Visit barzz.net or download the BARZZ app to view bar and nightclub locations and information that is offered through the API. Currently 100,000 Bars, Taverns, Restaurants and Specials Nationwide.
 The FantasyData NBA API intends to provide real time coverage of all NBA games, such as scores, team stats, and player stats. Other features include: odds, projected stats/fantasy points, FanDuel/DraftKings salaries, and as well as others. Multiple description file types are available (Swagger, OPen API WADL)
 The Enetpulse Sports Data API integrates live scores from over 30 sports, including soccer, American football, baseball, basketball, cycling, horse racing, motor sports, swimming, and volleyball. Data is available in XML and JSON formats. With the API, developers can optimize needs for media and gaming, automate data, filter contents, and integrate into over 17 languages.
 The CrowdScores API collects live scores of football games. It is available with GET requests and JSON responses that generate data from teams, matches, competitors, rounds, seasons, and league table. The API works by counting event reports from fans at stadiums via mobile app, people watching games at home on TV using the website, and deep mining of Twitter.
 The Live Odds API offers real-time information about UK and Australian sports. Odds are no older than a few seconds to a few minutes. Developers need to request an API Key which can be used to obtain JSON formatted information, and Google Sheets and Excel compatible data. Available bookmakers include Unibet, William Hill, Ladbrokes, Betfair, Pinnacle Sports, Bet Victor, Von Bets, Nordic Bet, Paddy Power, and 1xBet for the UK. Australia's Sportsbet, TAB, William Hill, Crownbet, Ladbrokes, Betfair, Unibet, Ubet, and Pinnacle Sports are covered.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Squash API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Squash statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Floorball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Floorball statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Futsal API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Futsal statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Beach Volleyball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Beach Volleyball statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Indoor Volleyball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Indoor Volleyball statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Darts API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Darts statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Snooker API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Snooker statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Pesapallo API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Pesapallo statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Handball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Handball statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Waterpolo API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Waterpolo statistics feeds database. It provides endpoints for retrieving competitor results and schedule, daily results and schedule, head to head stats, seasons, sport event probabilities and timeline, and tournament standings, among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Curling API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Curling statistics feeds database. It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule, which in turn, provide competitor, match, and tournament ids for generating sport event, tournament, and competitor feeds. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Bandy API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Bandy statistics feeds database. It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule, which in turn, provide competitor, match, and tournament ids for generating sport event, tournament, and competitor feeds. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Rugby API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Rugby statistics feeds database. Its primary feeds consist of the schedule (daily schedule), the standings (daily summary), and the rankings (league hierarchy) analytical parameters. These feeds are helpful for generating match boxscore and team profile feeds. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Tennis API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Tennis statistics feeds database. It generates analytical feeds of various parameters of the tennis games including daily schedule, daily results, player head-to-head, Player profile, player results, doubles head-to-head, doubles team rankings, tournament, tournament seasons, tournament results, and match timelines among others. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Motorsport API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Motorsport statistics feeds database. It conveys analytical feeds of various parameters of NASCAR races including daily change log for race information, schedule, starting grid, driver standings, qualifying leaderboard, rookie standings, owner standings, and race leaderboard as well as player seasonal statistics, drivers, entry list, and manufacturer standings. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar SR NASCAR API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Classic NASCAR statistics feeds database. It conveys analytical feeds of various parameters of NASCAR races including daily change log for race information, schedule, starting grid, driver standings, qualifying leaderboard, rookie standings, owner standings, and race leaderboard as well as player seasonal statistics, drivers, entry list, and manufacturer standings. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Beach Soccer API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Beach Soccer statistics feeds database. It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule, which in turn, provide competitor, match, and tournament ids for generating sport event, tournament, and competitor feeds. Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Global Ice Hockey API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Global Ice Hockey statistics feeds database. It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule, which in turn, provide competitor, match, and tournament ids for generating match, tournament, and team feeds. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar eSports API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the eSports statistics feeds database. It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule, which in turn, provide competitor, match, and tournament ids for generating sport event, tournament, and competitor feeds. Currently, the API provides data for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, League of Legends, and DOTA 2. Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Classic NFL API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar Classic NFL statistics feeds database for the 2016/17 season. It generates analytical feeds of various parameters of the classic NFL games including season schedule, weekly schedule, weekly league leaders, weekly boxscore, standings, and rankings. The API breaks down the details further to primary feeds such as game roaster, game boxscore, team depth chart, and team roaster, for games and teams. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Field Hockey API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the NHL Field Hockey statistics feeds database. It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule, which in turn, provide competitor, match, and tournament ids for the competitor feeds, sport event, and tournament. Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Global Baseball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Global Baseball statistics feeds database. It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule, which in turn, provide competitor, match, and tournament ids for generating sport event, tournament, and competitor feeds. Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Global Basketball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Global Basketball statistics feeds database. It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule, which in turn, provide competitor, match, and tournament ids for generating match, tournament, and team feeds. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar NCAA Men’s Hockey API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the NCAA Men’s Hockey statistics feeds database. Its primary feeds consist of the schedule (daily schedule), the standings (daily change log), and the rankings (league hierarchy) analytical parameters. These feeds are helpful for generating game boxscore and team profile feeds as well as tournament schedule and summary. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Nippon Professional Baseball API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the NPB statistics feeds database. It provides daily schedule and daily boxscore for the day, month, and year as well as the schedule, standing, and league hierarchy for the season. The API formats responses in either JSON or XML.
 Sportradar US is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar Aussie Rules Football API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the database of the Australian football statistics feeds. It provides primary feeds in the form of daily results and daily schedule, which in turn, provide competitor, match, and tournament ids for the competitor feeds, sport event, and tournament parameters. Its player and venue ids are accessible via feeds for specific matches. This API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions, and fraud detection services. The Sportradar NFL Next Generation Stats API provides RESTful methods for integrating applications with the Sportradar NFL NGS statistics feeds database. It conveys analytical feeds of various parameters of the NFL games including game leaders, game statistics, league leaders, play statistics, and play tracking statistics as well as player seasonal statistics, team leaders, team seasonal statistics, and weekly leaders. A Gold package subscription provides access to all these parameters, while subscription to Silver or Bronze package provides access to selected parameters. The API that returns responses in either JSON or XML format can be accessed only through the Official NFL API.
 The Follr API provides tools for partners to integrate functions of the Follr platform into applications and access user profile data. The Follr API uses REST syles to create, read, and update functions. Follr works to empower your fans to show their support and connect with the team and with other fans- it is a free marketing system for teams and supporters clubs.
 The SportsEngine Leagues API offers programmatic access to an association of teams on a site. POST, GET, PUT, and DELETE methods are supported to obtain diverse information such as team instances, divisions, and league lists. This information is available in JSON format. SportsEngine is a suite of applications designed for local and national sports organizations that help in managing websites, tournaments, leagues, and player registration.
 The Versus Sports Simulator API delivers team rankings, conference/divisional rankings, team report cards, game predictions, and game simulations for college and professional sports. HTTP requests are available to requests responses, that will be produced by a mathematical algorithm in REST architecture.
 The TomTom Sports Watch records, tracks, and synchronizes data of the sports and fitness activities of users. This data is then stored and analyzed in the cloud using the TomTom MySports Cloud API. The API allows users to organize data and access analytical data and visual summaries of the progress, goals, and achievements of their sports and fitness programs. Its access requires TomTom account sign in and OAuth2.0 authorization. The API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON or CSV format.
 EventUpon API returns event information from thousands of organizations including EventBrite, Meetup and others.
All types of events including business, networking, technology, entrepreneurship, non-profit, civic, arts & culture, music, entertainment, running and more.
Events can be returned by list of organizations or location and radius.
Use of the API requires an EventUpon account and an API Key where you can configure it to select the organizations. Free EventUpon account returns up to two organizations.
 Sports Engine designs web-based software and mobile apps suited for use in amateur, youth, and professional sports domains. The SportsEngine SiteBuilder API simplifies the management of web content. Its integration allows developers create new sections in websites, add or edit content, upload photos or videos on target pages and news articles, and implement content syndication, among other functions. The API returns JSON-formatted responses.
 Sports Engine designs web-based software and mobile apps suited for use in amateur, youth, and professional sports domains. SportsEngine Registration API makes it easier for developers to use applications, such as MS Excel, to extract the registration data and profiles of respondents. The API provides access to the particulars that the respondents registered on a sports website. Developers can use the API to update registration fields, add or remove fields, and extract real-time registration results, among other functions. The API returns JSON-formatted responses.
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NCAA Basketball API. The FantasyData NCAA Basketball API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal soccer data including active teams, player profiles, teams, box scores, box scores by date, match day fixtures, match day stats, table standings, and stadiums. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 KiniScore provides real-time, accurate sports statistics and sports content. The data coverage focuses on major African leagues and players throughout the continent. Data can be retrieved via API, that includes schedules, league table, and statistics.The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NHL API. The FantasyData NHL API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal NHL data including active teams, player profiles, box scores, match day fixtures, match day stats, table standings, and stadiums. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the Soccer API. The FantasyData Soccer API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal soccer data including active teams, player profiles, box scores, match day fixtures, match day stats, table standings, and stadiums. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the PGA Golf API. The FantasyData PGA Golf API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal data of the PGA Golf tour including player profiles and stats, injuries, news by player, news by date, and tour schedules. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NASCAR API. The FantasyData NASCAR API supports real time conveyance of weekly and seasonal race data including drivers, driver profiles, race results, and race schedules. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 The SuredBits API integrates sports and bitcoin data in real time. It can be useful for NFL stats and cryptocurrency payments. Endpoints available to send requests and receive responses in return, currently supporting sports data, such as teams, players, games, scores, and statistics. For additional information about formats, contact support@suredbits.com
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NFL Scores API.
The FantasyData NFL Scores API provides weekly and seasonal NFL data of scores, teams, game stats, news by player, news by team, team table standings, and stadiums. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NFL Stats API.
The FantasyData NFL Stats API supports real time transmission of daily, weekly, and seasonal NFL statistics including player and team game stats, player profiles, box scores, daily fantasy players, fantasy defense game stats, fantasy defense season stats, fantasy players by ADP, and player and team injuries. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NFL Projections API.
The FantasyData NFL Projections API transmits weekly and seasonal NFL predictions including projections of fantasy defense season stats, player game stats by player, player game stats by team, and player stats by week and season. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
fantasydata-nfl-play-by-play didn't extract the description
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NCAA Football Scores.
The FantasyData NCAA Football Scores API provides weekly and seasonal NCAA data including current week and season, games by week, match day fixtures and schedules, team table standings, and stadiums. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
 FantasyData.com provides developers, the fantasy community, and media clients around the world with real-time content and statistical data of different sports disciplines. Its product portfolio features a variety of fantasy sports, web applications, and a host of RESTful APIs that include the NCAA Football Stats API.
The FantasyData NCAA Football Stats API supports real time transmission of weekly and seasonal NFL statistics including player and team game stats, player profiles, box scores, player game stats by player, and player game stats by team. Developers can deploy the API in website automation or application integration. The API returns responses in either JSON or XML format.
football-/-soccer-livescore didn't extract the description
 The Fantasy Basketball Nerd REST API in XML and JSON formats integrates basketball data including players, rankings, projections, depth charts, and injuries. Information is retrieved from NBA.com, ESPN.com, CBS Sportsline, FOX Sports, and Yahoo. Even though the API is free and open, developers are asked to provide a link to FantasyBasketballNerd.com
 The braapDB API is a gateway to a database of various extreme off-road sports that include ATV, Dirt Bike, Jeep/4x4, and Side by Side (SxS) as well as Snowmobile parks. It facilitates the sharing of user-generated, crowd-sourced, data of off-road parks. The braapDB supports HTTP- and JSON-formatted requests as well as JSON- and XML-formatted responses.
 The PredictHQ API is a gateway to a broad range of scheduled and unscheduled event categories. From public holidays, school holidays and observances, to concerts, festivals, performing arts, community, sports, conferences, expos, daylight savings, airport delays, severe weather, natural disasters and even terror. The API allows users to filter events and integrate it into their target products or applications to operate as a single source of data for events. All events have a numeric ranking so developers have the ability to further filter by major to minor events.
 The Europa League Live Scores REST API allows developers to access and integrate Europa League Live Scores with other applications. The main API methods are retrieving current season results, scorers, lineups, substitutes, events, and statistics with live updates for EUFA Europa League.
 The Champions League Live Scores REST API allows developers to access and integrate Europa League Live Scores with other applications. The main API methods are retrieving current season results, scorers, lineups, substitutes, events, and statistics with live updates for EUFA Champions League.
 The Unofficial GoPro API allows developers to obtain camera parameters such as photo resolution, and battery status. Additionally, it can be used to control, livestream, or obtain data from a GoPro Wi-Fi enabled camera. This REST based API supports JSON for data exchange.
 The Eredivisie Live Scores API provides access to the analytical summaries of the previous, ongoing, and upcoming matches of the top-flight league in Netherlands. The API generates team and player profiles as well as live updates of match results and league table standings. It is a useful reference for pre-match and post-match analyses for users seeking for records of teams and players in the Dutch football league. Such information includes season-long and match day details of starting lineups, substitute players, player fitness, match events, match day scorers, and league’s top scorers. The Eredivisie Live Scores API generates requests and responses in JSON format. It is a fully released and well-documented version that is supported by Curl, Java, Node.js, PHP, Python, Objective-C, Ruby, and .NET wrappers. It is available in Basic, Pro, Ultra, and Mega subscription plans that charge fixed monthly costs of between $0 and $600 plus prorated costs for extra content exceeding the fixed limits.
 The Medalbot API tracks the total number of medals bagged by the different countries participating in the 2016 Olympics in Rio, Brazil. It generates summary tables of the Gold, Silver, and Bronze medals won by each country as well as the total count of the medals awarded during the competition. The Medalbot API is a RESTful platform that returns responses in JSON format. Developers can access the credentials of the API’s independent developer along with its additional operational parameters on Github.
 The Ligue 1 Live Scores API provides access to the analytical summaries of the previous, ongoing, and upcoming matches of France's top-flight football (soccer) league. The API generates team and player profiles as well as live updates of match results and league table standings. It is a useful reference for pre-match and post-match analyses for users seeking for records of teams and players in the French football league. Such information includes season-long and match day details of starting lineups, substitute players, player fitness, match events, match day scorers, and league’s top scorers. The Ligue 1 Live Scores API generates requests and responses in JSON format. It is a fully released and well-documented version that is supported by Curl, Java, Node.js, PHP, Python, Objective-C, Ruby, and .NET wrappers. It is available in Basic, Pro, Ultra, and Mega subscription plans that charge fixed monthly costs of between $0 and $600 plus prorated costs for extra content exceeding the fixed limits.
 The Russian League Live Scores API provides access to the analytical summaries of the previous, ongoing, and upcoming matches of Russia’s top-flight league. The API generates team and player profiles as well as live updates of match results and league table standings. It is a useful reference for pre-match and post-match analyses for users seeking for records of teams and players in the Russian football (soccer) league. Such information includes season-long and match day details of starting lineups, substitute players, player fitness, match events, match day scorers, and league’s top scorers. The Russian League Live Scores API generates requests and responses in JSON format. It is a fully released and well-documented version that is supported by Curl, Java, Node.js, PHP, Python, Objective-C, Ruby, and .NET wrappers. It is meshed in Basic, Pro, Ultra, and Mega subscription plans that charge fixed monthly costs of between $0 and $600 plus prorated costs for extra content exceeding the fixed limits.
 The FantasyData MLB API provides real time coverage of all MLB games, including play-by-play and pitch-by-pitch details. Other features include: odds, weather, probable pitchers, projected/official starting lineups, projected stats/fantasy points, FanDuel/DraftKings salaries, and more!
 The League Details REST API provides soccer information about the italian league Serie A. It allows you to retrieve league details like identifier, slug, nation or federation. Sports Open Data provides access to information on season details, round matches, available players and more.
 This JSON based API allows you to retrieve a list of the latest cricket matches. Wherrelz's Cric Match is a Restful API that has live data updates.
 This JSON based API allows you to retrieve a list of the latest cricket player stats. Wherrelz's Cric Player Stats is a Restful API that has live data updates.
cric-ball-by-ball didn't extract the description
 This REST API allows you to get live Football (Soccer) scores. Roanuz Football API provides real time data on stats and other metrics for the Indian Summer League 2015. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get the full details of a Indian Super league Football (Soccer) match. Roanuz Match API provides real time data on stats and other metrics. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get all information about a Indian Super league Football (Soccer) season including; matches, teams, players, rounds and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to authenticate Roanuz Cricket API's real time data and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you get all information about a season such as matches, teams, players, rounds and groups. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you access to stats for the given season (series). Responses are Fielding, Batting, Bowling and Total Number of Fours, Sixes and Runs scored in the season. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get a points table for the given season. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get information about team and players in the season team. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get the summary of each overs in a match. TEST match, response may be very big. Its useful for showing over comparison, score worm and other charts. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get all information about a season such as matches, teams, players, rounds and groups. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get live cricket scores from various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data on stats and other metrics. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get the full details of a match including; venue, status, player, teams and more. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data on stats and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
roanuz-cricket-ball-by-ball didn't extract the description
 This REST API allows you to get a list of all world wide recent matches. It also provides recent matches for a specific season. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data on stats and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get a list of all recent seasons. It includes seasons from the last two months, current month and next month. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data on stats and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you to get a schedule for the given month or for the given season for Roanuz Cricket API's. They provide real time data on stats and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 This REST API allows you access to stats about a player for a specified league or board. Roanuz Cricket API's provide real time data and other metrics for various leagues including; International (ICC), Indian Premier League (IPL T20), Big Bash League and more. Roanuz is a software company specializing in AI, web and mobile apps.
 The Stattleship API is designed to provide brands with the data they need to connect with sports fans via social media. Stattleship's data scientists help determine which sports, teams, and players a given brand's customers are passionate about. They can then automate the creation of social media assets used to engage with customers before, during, and after a game.
 The MLB GameDay XML Data Python API transmits and interprets real time data of live MLB baseball games. The API provides live updates of the progress of each game, such as scoreboard changes, player statistics, etc. from the start to the end.
 The EveryMatrix GM Server API is a RESTful gaming solution that comes in two variations – one has internal wallet while the other has external wallet. The EveryMatrix GM Server API with Internal Wallet is inter-server builder platform that developers can deploy to tailor their front-end gaming solutions and simplify app development. As for the EveryMatrix GM Server API with External Wallet, it is essentially a channel for integrating suites of client-side games into the GM platform. EveryMatrix is the maker of CasinoEngine casino and game engine. This allows to players to access diverse selections of games of different providers in the CasinoEngine. Developers must contact the API provider to access its technical documentation.
 EveryMatrix Web API supports the deployment of WebSocket protocol in the integration of pooled GM payment providers in native apps. Other than supporting native mobile apps, the API affords developers the flexibility for customizing front-end applications and optimizing the integrative functionalities of the GM platform. EveryMatrix is the maker of CasinoEngine casino and game engine. Developers must contact the API provider to access its technical documentation.
 The Euro Cup Live Scores API provides real-time tracking of Euro Cup 2016’s match results and statistics. Users can view live statistics for scores, on-target goal attempts, off-target goal attempts, corner kicks, free kicks, penalty kicks, yellow cards, red cards, player substitutions and playtime countdown. The API is a well-documented full release that conveys requests and responses in JSON format. It also accompanied by repositories written in Curl, .Net, Java, Objective-C, PHP, Node, Python, and Ruby languages.
 The Fastest Live Scores API allows developers to integrate live and historical football statistics and scores into their own websites and applications. The available real-time event data includes goals, scorers, and state events. Fastest Live Scores collects its data via crowdsourcing from fans rather than individual reporters. They currently cover more than 110 leagues.
 The JsonOdds API allows developers to integrate odds data for MLB, NBA, NCAA Basketball, NCAA Football, NFL, NHL, MMA, soccer, and tennis into their own websites and applications. JsonOdds is a sports betting odds service designed specifically to provide developers with the data they need to create their own applications.
 Soccerama.pro API is a data streaming platform for professional soccer competitions. The API generates full-season analyses for leagues, tournaments, teams, players, and all fixtures. It sends requests in HTTP protocol and returns responses in JSON format. The API's provider extends coverage to over 325 leagues and cup competitions around the world. However, the number of leagues accessible by the API depends on specific standard or customized plans priced at between EUR15 and EUR125.
 A comprehensive API focused on the game of American Football. Data covers every facet of the game from the perspective of individual player stats by game, career, and team-based statistics. Data that is simply not offered with any other service is included, such as, Yards-after-catch; dropped passes and team formations on each play. Data is updated daily during the season.
 The Doarama API allows developers to upload their GPS-based activities, set up visualizations, and embed visualizations in their apps. Doarama is a service that allows users to record activities on their GPS or smartphone and then upload the tracking file to doarama.com. From there, users can create a story using video, photos, and text annotations to share with their friends.
cricket-[unofficial] didn't extract the description
 The Betfair Exchange API is the platform on which developers can build customised betting tools and interfaces to use with the Betfair Sports Exchange for themselves or for other Betfair customers. Find markets, place bets, check current bet details, betting history and account statements.
 The LotaData API provides integration of location features with the aim to target mobile advertising efforts. Protocols in JSON. Authorization with API Key. LotaData is a spatiotemporal intelligent service that predicts audiences' habits when they plan their day, attend social events, and shop at their favorite stores.
 Use CricAPI's Cricket Score API to access live cricket match data. The API is RESTful and returns responses with JSON. See the API page for code samples and information on accessing the API.
Use the Cricket Match API to get a list of matches, the Score API to get the latest scores for those matches. Player stats API (both Batting and Bowling stats) gives you the latest for your favourite players.
The brand new Ball By Ball API allows you to check the current status of a match right to the Ball By Ball level! Added new Widgets that allow you to use this BBB API for your benefit.
Use the Fantasy Cricket Summary API to get Score Summaries (live) for your cricket fantasy use. The fantasy module offers 1000 free hits for testing and development purposes. You can hit this API to get a live score summary, teams and players listing. The API can be used before the match to help you with choosing players (batsmen / bowlers) for your fantasy game; once this is done you can hit the API at regular intervals and calculate the results of your Fantasy Cricket!
 The NFL Arrest API provides users access to a database of over 15 years of arrest records for NFL Players. Using this open API, users can query the desired data, which is broken down by team, player, crime, and position. NflArrest.com is the online database of NFL arrest statistics, and includes graphs, lists, as well as an arrest-o-meter.
 The Qalendra Predictions API provides long-range predictions for travel and hospitality. This Restful API responds in the JSON format and employs HTTP Basic Authentication. It is powered by algorithms that ingest big data, compare all destinations at once and identify where the best conditions for vacations, sports and activities are, anywhere in the world, with months in advance. Different data sources are analyzed such as weather , terrain, and traffic. Qalendra offers one pay-per-use plan.
 The Stats FC Dugout REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Stats FC Dugout with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving football/soccer match results, retrieving league standings, and retrieving top scorers. Stats FC Dugout is a service that provides data for football/soccer across European, English, Spanish, German, Italian, and French league and cup competitions.
 The Sportradar NASCAR API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar NASCAR database, using RESTful methods. Sportradar is the official data provider for NASCAR. Data provided includes drivers, tracks, schedules, entry list, race leaderboard, driver, rookie, owner, and manufacturer standings, qualifying leaderboard, and more. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
 The Sportradar Soccer API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar Soccer database, using RESTful methods. Data provided includes team profiles, player rankings, standings, match summaries, and more. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
 The Sportradar Golf API lets developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar Golf database, using RESTful methods. Get player and tournament information, scorecard, tee times, golfer statistics and more with the API. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
 The Sportradar NFL API lets developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar NFL database, using RESTful methods. Sportradar is the official data provider for the NFL. Data includes player, team, league statistics, play-by-play, realtime game events such as down and distance, penalty, time remaining, and much more. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services
 The Sportradar Olympics API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar Olympics database, using RESTful methods. Developers can access data for country, event results, schedules, and medal count. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
sportradar-ncaa-men's-basketball didn't extract the description
sportradar-ncaa-women's-basketball didn't extract the description
 The Sportradar Images API lets developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar Images database, using RESTful methods. Developers can get player, team, coach images and more with the API. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
 The Sportradar Content API lets developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar Content database, enabling access to information such as news, injury related news, team and trade rumours, and more, using RESTful methods. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services
 The Sportradar NBA API lets developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar NBA database, using RESTful methods. Retrieve schedules, standings, box scores, game summaries and more from National Basketball Association events. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services
 The Data Sports Group API allows clients/developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Data Sports Group with other applications and to create new applications. Data Sports Group provides live & historical sports data of football events worldwide. The data can be retrieved in various languages, and it can get customized to customer needs to make integration as easiest as possible.
 The Sportradar NCAA Football API lets developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar NCAA (National Collegiate Athletic Association) football database, using RESTful methods. Available data includes weekly schedule, season schedule, game statistics, rankings, rosters, and more. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services
 The Sportradar WNBA API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar WNBA (Women's National Basketball Association) database, using RESTful methods. Developers can access data such as game boxscores, play-by-play, league information, schedules, player information and more with the API. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
 The Sportradar MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar MMA database, using RESTful methods. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
 The Sportradar Live Images API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar Live Images database, using RESTful methods. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
 The Sportradar NHL API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar NHL database, using RESTful methods. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services
 The Sportradar Cricket API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar Cricket database, using RESTful methods. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
 The Sportradar Odds API lets developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar Odds database, using RESTful methods. Odds are available for NFL (football), MLB (baseball), NBA (basketball), NHL (hockey), NCAA football, NCAAMB. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services
 The Sportradar MLB API lets developers to integrate their applications with the Sportradar MLB database, using RESTful methods. The MLB API provides developers with daily baseball box scores, league, team, and player statistics, play-by-play information, schedules and more. Sportradar is a provider of sports and betting-related live data, odds solutions and fraud detection services.
 The Active Campsite Search allows to access data from parks, campgrounds, and campsites located in the United States and Canada. Search filters include RV friendly, electricity, hunting, fishing, arrival date, and length of stay. Formats in JSON, REST, and XML facilitate the interaction with the API accessible with a Key. ACTIVE.com is an online community revolving around people and the sport and recreational activities that they like to do.
 With the Active Campground API, developers can create applications with the goal to promote campgrounds available at the site ReserveAmerica.com
This site contains planning trip guides, hunting & fishing licenses, and camping gear. Examples of data that users can access includes campgrounds with horses in the state of California and campgrounds in the state of Main that allow pets. The API is read-only and it requires an Api Key as authentication method. To test the API, visit http://developer.active.com/io-docs - ACTIVE.com is an online community revolving around people and the sport and recreational activities that they like to do.
 The Active Popular Activity Search API provides data associated to endurance, team sports, youth camps, tennis leagues, parks & recreation, fitness, classes, outdoor adventure, and business events. This API requires a key, features JSON format, and it returns a list of the most popular activities in the world. ACTIVE.com is an online community revolving around people and the sport and recreational activities that they like to do.
 The MySportsFeeds API lets developers access game schedules and plays by integrating the MySportsFeeds into their applications. MySportsFeeds is a crowd-sourced sports data provider for NHL, NFL, NBA and MLB sporting events. A wide range of post-game and real-time feeds are available in XML, JSON, and even CSV formats. Developers can pull information via RESTful methods, or have them PUSHed via email or FTP.
 The NFL Fantasy Football API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of NFL Fantasy Football. Some example API methods include returning standings, returning players, and returning various statistics.
The NFL Fantasy Football site provides access to football player statistics, game details, football news, and football analysis.
 miCoach is a fitness training platform supported by Adidas that acts as a coaching service. Users are able to create plans or chose pre-made training plans to plan and track workout progress. Users can access a workout calendar, receive feedback, and view fitness analytics. miCoach is an open platform that encourages 3rd party developers to construct apps that employ the miCoach service. miCoach offers a REST API that can be accessed over HTTP in order to return data on personal resources, customer profiles, and completed workouts and achievements. The API data is kept private over an OAuth v2 security protocol with additional verification processed with a "userID" in the URL request.
 Under Armour, the sports and fitness clothing company, offers a fitness platform that fuels applications such as Under Armour Women, MapMyFitness, MapMyRun, MapMyRide, MapMyWalk, and MapMyHike to inspire athletic activity combined with social experiences. The RESTful Under Armour API can be accessed with web HTTP calls, such as POST, GET, PUT, and DELETE to manipulate resources relating to their wearable fitness technologies. Under Armour also offers iOS and Android SDKs that wrap native constructs for quick synchronicity across devices. Under Armour also offers a sandbox to allow developers to easily test the API.
swing-by-swing didn't extract the description
 The RESTful football-data.org API can be used to retrieve data on European football (soccer) leagues. The data, returned in JSON formats, includes information on fixtures (scheduled games), soccer seasons, teams, and more. The API is intended to hold accurate data, but the site states their may be lags with changes as data is not completely in real time. The football-data.org API is developed and maintained by Daniel Freitag, an independent software developer based in Germany. Developers can register for a free API key by visiting this link: http://www.football-data.org/register.
 ProBasketBall hosts a database of the latest statistics from NBA games. Updated daily, the ProBaseketBall API can be called to retrieve NBA statistics, DraftKings salary info and SportsVU player tracking data. HTTP calls to the ProBasketBall API can retrieve data on Teams, Players, Games, Team Stats, Player Stats, Shot Charts, Draft Kings Contests, Draft Kings Players, and more. Accounts can be created to obtain an API key for use. There is no current limit on requests, and ProBasketBall offers a 7 day free trial with a per month paid subscription afterward.
 audioBoom provides audio content from major sports and media outlets, as well as smaller podcasters. Content hosted on audioBoom can be shared via the website, embeddable players, mobile applications, and social media websites. The audioBoom API provides users with access to almost every function the site offers. Full documentation for the API is available on GitHub.
kart-laps---club-speed-customer didn't extract the description
 The midíadía API provides access to nutritional data from thousands of packaged products, allowing developers to create websites and apps that quantify and display relationships between product recipe information. The data could be used for developing applications that help manage special dietary restrictions, such as allergies and intolerances, as well as for optimizing nutrition. The API is well documented through Apiary.com, and uses HTTP requests that accept the JSON protocol. Developers interested in consuming the midíadía API need an API secret key for authorization, which can be obtained through signing up through the midíadía service.
 Garmin Connect is an online community created for, and works with Forerunner, Edge and fēnix products. Garmin Connect stores and analyzes end-user data and supports more than 30 different activity types. The Garmin Connect API provides access to the robust data that comes from the many different activities.
 2PEAK helps users create and stick to training plans for cycling, running, swimming, triathlons, MTB, and cross-country skiing. The service responds dynamically to changes in the users' plans and helps calculate an appropriate training load. 2PEAK also includes a nutrition app that specifies what and how much the user should be eating based on their activities. The 2PEAK API enables developers to access the entirety of 2PEAK's Dynamic Training Platform from their applications.
 Cycling Analytics is a software for cyclists. With a bike, a heart rate monitor, a device and an account, cyclists can monitor performance on the road. The main value of this API could be the convenience to display data from a user oriented perspective. Developers who work with health apps, sport apps and even medical apps could benefit from this service because they will have access to laps, geographical locations and histograms. With this in mind, they could measure a user strength to improve health. This API is about analytics for cyclists. The steps to follow are available on the site, where developers can access preliminary remarks, development status, OAuth 2.0, HTTP methods, parameters, responses, examples and endpoints.
 The International Flipper Pinball Association (IFPA) is a group aiming to increase the exposure of pinball as a legitimate competitive sport. They endorse tournaments and leagues, and have established the World Pinball Player Rankings as the first official pinball ranking system in the world. They have opened a RESTful API that allows access to their database of player information, stats, player rankings, scores, recorded games and competitions, and more. Currently, only GET operations are supported to retrieve said information.
 The Search Toptrends API showcases which topics are creating the most buzz according to French internet users on an hourly basis. The API analyzes and aggregates the millions of news searches made on the Orange search engine lemoteur.fr with the most shared news on twitter and media sites.
 It takes a whole system to keep track of sports statistics. That’s why Stats aims to offer an API that can deliver content via FTP, HTTP, web services and socket. The type of sports content is related to information of teams, players, events, statistics, leaders, injuries, polls, player news and photos. Developers as clients can benefit from this API because the system provides encrypted security along with a wide variety of parameters within each API call. This API might be a fit for developers working in the sports' industry who prefer to visualize large amounts of data. Some of the sports include football, basketball, soccer, baseball, fantasy sports and car races. To provide an example, the website displays a sequential flowchart from the SHA-256 encryption to the Stats content.
world-cup-in-json didn't extract the description
 The World Cup API provided by Kimono collects data from across the internet to provide up-to-date information on all of the soccer (football) teams, players, and matches in the 2014 World Cup. It also includes past player performance information from the players' club teams. Users get unlimited access to the API when they log in to their Kimono Labs account.
 Soccermetrics is a data-driven research organization that conducts and shares research on soccer (football). The Soccermetrics Connect API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Soccermetrics with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving match statistics, retrieving match events, and retrieving soccer (football) player details.
 Football-API provides a live scoring service for a variety of football leagues including the english premier league, 15 European leagues, 50 major world leagues, and 350 competitions including the world cup. The Football-API allows users to make REST calls to get current tournament standings, get scheduled match lists, and get live scoring. An account is required with service.
 As the international governing organization for DanceSport, the World DanceSport Federation provides regulations, standards, and advice for competitions in Latin, Standard, Acrobatic, Line, New Vogue, Salsa, Wheelchair, and other types of dance.
The WDSF API allows third party applications created by authorized competition scrutineers to transmit and share competition results and scores with the WDSF in a standardized format.
 Lumo BodyTech are wearable technologies to help people with their posture, standing tall and straight, and lifting correctly.
The Lumo BodyTech API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Lumo BodyTech with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email developers@lumobodytech.com for more information.
scoresightio didn't extract the description
 TipGin is a service that catalogues soccer previews, odds and live scores across the web. We offer a collection of soccer XML data feeds including Live Score, Schedules, Odds Comparison, Match Previews and Predictions. All feeds update every 5-to-10 seconds and are fully integrable with guaranteed 99.99% server uptime.
 Your Fishing Report is a social platform for fishing enthusiasts allowing members to send messages, share photos and videos, manage their profiles, connect with friends, and much more.
The Your Fishing Report allows users to programmatically manage their profiles, exposing resources such as photo uploading, profile management, notifications and messages, and friends.
 Sport Ngin delivers web software and mobile applications for youth, amateur, and professional sports leagues. The Sport Ngin platform a sports specific content management system, allowing leagues to provide online registration, schedules, rosters, statistics, member management, tournament software, and much more.
The Sport Ngin API allows developers to programmatically manage resources within the platform. Examples of exposed resources include rosters, statistics, league organization, standings, news articles, and much more.
 Kimono is an API creator that turns websites into APIs by extracting the data based on patterns, not by screen scraping. The Kimono Sochi Olympics API allows users to access to up-to-date athlete, country, sport and medal data. The API uses REST calls, and allows users to query to get information by country and sport as well as specific data like age, birth date, gender, height, id, image, name, weight, medal gold, medals silver, medals bronze, medals total, sport, and country.
 Billing itself as tracks for vagabonds, GPSies is an online community built around sharing hiking, running, and cycling routes via GPS recorded tracks. Users either draw or import routes onto GPSies maps, which can then be downloaded.
The GPSies API is able to deliver XML formatted route data. The API can query by username, geocoordinate perimeter, Zip code or city, country, and more.
 WhyJustRun is a Canadian running group that includes orienteering in its races. Runners can pick their own routes between checkpoints, navigating with the aid of map and compass. The WhyJustRun API allows users to retrieve an entry list, start list, result list, organization list, event list, and iCal calendar feed.
 Everysport is a Swedish website that provides visitors with information and services relating to all kinds of sports. Site members can create user profiles, participate in discussions, create groups, and more. They can follow games live with other people and track match results. Members can report from matches, but official results are provided by Everysport Media Service AB.
The Everysport API allows developers to access information on 90,000 teams and 1,500,000 matches. Although the Everysport website is given only in Swedish, the API documentation is given in English.
 RunningAHEAD is a collection of free online running tools, including a running log, maps, training plans, and more. The RunningAHEAD API is able to programmatically access user information and enables developers to manage workouts and training plans.
 Scorescard is a free API providing programmatic access to live sports scores. The APIâ€™s initial launch included only cricket scores, while scores for football, tennis, and other sports are expected to be added soon. The API is able to deliver a list of current matches or scores for a specified match.
 Cricscore is a free API that delivers near real time cricket scores. The API accepts GET calls and returns JSON formatted content. Cricscore is able to deliver a list of available matches as well as scores.
 Sports.Data.org is home to the Jamaica Sports Data API, a REST web service capable of delivering Jamaican sports information. The API delivers data for cricket, track and field, football, and netball. Datasets include information describing events, performances, institutions, athletes, and infrastructure.
 Club Speed provides race timing and facility management systems for Kart and other racing facilities. Services include timing, HR, financial reporting, scheduling, social network integration, and an online management portal.
The Club Speed API exposes the serviceâ€™s rental karting data, allowing facilities to programmatically access their data. Exposed resources include racer information, race results, and track information.
 GoalAPI.com provides real-time football scores and league standings via API. Data is available for UEFA leagues, national leagues, and the World Cup. Available data includes kick off date and time, teams, current score, current match status, and brief match metadata.
 SportTracks is a fitness tracking service that aims to work with as many devices, applications, sensors, and web services as possible. It can pull users' fitness data from their fitness tracking devices and applications, bringing it all together in one location. SportTracks focuses on delivering clear and useful data for fitness training rather than on social networking. SportTracks is designed to meet the needs of runners, swimmers, and cyclists; support for other athletes is being added continuously.
 Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, provides a collection of APIs that may be useful to students and others who live or work on campus. The Rutgers APIs can be used to retrieve information on university events, dining locations, sports game scores, campus buildings, facilities' hours of operation, and class schedules. These APIs retrieve data in a variety of formats and all use their own endpoints. (Information on using the Nextbus API in the Rutgers area is also provided, although it is not one of the University's own APIs.)
 The MCLA (Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association) is the United States' organization for non-varsity college lacrosse programs. The MCLA website offers two APIs: the Expert API and the Widget API. The Expert API allows developers who have obtained the MCLA Board's approval to access rosters, schedules, final game scores, and player statistics. The Widget API allows developers to quickly post information on upcoming games, standings, team schedules, and teams rosters to their website using JavaScript.
 MSW (Magic SeaWeed) provides detailed, long range surf forecasts for almost 3000 beaches in 180 countries. The MSW Forecast API offers programmatic access to core weather and ocean data specifically purposed for surfing. The RESTful API provides access to data types such as breaking wave height, wind, temperature, and sea level pressure.
 World Weather Online provides global weather content and forecasts businesses, travel industry, and websites. The World Weather Online Ski and Mountain API method allows developers and programmers to access accurate and reliable weather forecast for Top, Middle and Bottom Elevations. The API uses REST calls and returns weather data in XML and JSON format and contains weather elements like Chance of Snow, Total Snowfall amount, temperature, precipitation (rainfall), weather description, weather icon and wind speed. It could be used for personal as well as for commercial purpose.
 Comunio is a fantasy European football / soccer service that lets users create and manage their own Bundesliga teams and leagues with their friends. Bundesliga is a professional German football league. Comunio site members can manage their teams' line-ups, tactics, and transfers. Although much of the website is available in many languages, some parts of the site (e.g. news) are only available in German.
 FantasyData.com provides NFL statistical data for fantasy football professionals, developers, and fans. Products include web services, historical team and fantasy database downloads, and a RESTful API.
The FantasyData NFL API provides developer access to NFL data including live scores, season information, team stats, and box scores. The API is delivered over the Apiphany platform and is offered at four subscription levels, depending on data needs.
 DancesportInfo is an international dance information website that is available to visitors around the world in 19 languages. It provides current news and interviews with professional dancers and coaches along with an active forum with contributions by thousands of registered users. DancesportInfo maintains extensive databases of couples and individual dancers, dancers looking for partners, competition results, and competition photographs. Developers can access much the site's ample information programmatically via SOAP API.
 StatPlat is a professional football data analysis platform, delivering value added data services to aid clubs, bettors, and media groups. The StatPlat API provides programmatic access to platform content. Data types include information on competitions, fixtures, and team ratings.
 GymFlow is an application that lets users know how busy the gym is before they go. Gym traffic varies significantly from day to day and even over the course of an hour. GymFlow partners with local gyms to access card swipe information in order to get real-time data on how many people are in the gym at any given moment. The GymFlow application also uses historical data to predict how crowded the gym will be in the near future, allowing users to plan their schedules accordingly.
 Wger Workout Manager is an open source web application for tracking your fitness and managing your exercises. The application features include a workout manager that allows you to create and manage your workout routines, a weight tracker that will keep track of body weight, and a nutrition manager that allows you to create a diet plan based on nutritional guidelines.
wger Workout Manager provides a REST API for access to all database objects. Public endpoints such as lists of exercises or ingredients are available without authentication. For user owned objects such as workouts, an API key is required.
 Prep Sportswear is an online sportswear store that sells custom high school apparel as well as vintage and pro sports apparel. They also sell clothing bearing the names of golf courses, fraternities, sororities, branches of the military, and more. Prep Sportswear provides a SOAP API that allows users to retrieve lists of available products for a school or team.
 WindOnTheWater.com is a mashup of data from real-time public wind sensors and Google Maps. It was built as a resource for kiteboarding, windsurfing, sailing, and other wind-based activities.
WindOnTheWater.com exposes its mashed up data through a free API. Through simple HTTP calls, developers can automate access to wind data, tides, webcams, and more, filterable by region or specified location.
 Exposure Basketball Tournaments provides youth basketball tournament management tools, including features such as online registration and payment, pool generation, bracket design, scheduling, and an event dashboard.
The Exposure Basketball Tournaments API exposes the platformâ€™s full functionality allowing applications to add, retrieve, delete, or otherwise manage resources. Responses may be JSON or XML format.
follow-the-game didn't extract the description
 Xegesis is a sports content generation system built to allow the expansion of a set of data into a narrative. Xegesis currently focuses on soccer, but intends to create the needed text analysis to support multiple sports in multiple languages.
The Xegesis API provides a RESTful interface for automating access and publishing of Xegesis generated content. Responses may be JSON or XML formatted.
 GolfNow offers booking services for tee times at over 5,000 golf courses and resorts across the US, Canada, Bermuda, Mexico, Ireland and Scotland. The GolfNow RESTful API allows you to perform functions such as finding golf courses, finding tee times, and creating tee time reservations. Search for golf courses and tee times based on a various criteria, create customers, make tee time reservations, view existing reservations, and other related tasks.
 Holdsport is a German website that helps coaches and organizations manage teams and clubs for all kinds of sports. The site provides useful tools like an online calendar, a registration and dues collection system, and a free texting service that lets coaches contact all of their players at once. Holdsport can also be used to keep track of players' contact information and game statistics. Additionally, people can buy sportswear and gear made by companies like Hummel through the website.
Users can interact with the site's functions programmatically via REST API. Although the Holdsport API documentation is provided in English, the Holdsport website is given solely in German.
 StatTrackr is a service that is designed to compliment the Basketball Shot Tracker HD app, which allows users to record their shots on a replica basketball court and track their own statistics. StatTrackr is designed to help users share their basketball stats with the world and to easily record stats for players and teams. The StatTrackr API allows developers to integrate their recorded statistics with websites and applications. The API is platform independent and can be used to back up statistical data in the cloud.
 HockeyStreams is a web service that streams hockey games from the NHL, AHL, OHL, QMJHL, WHL, and more. Features include DVR capabilities, and XBOX and Playstation 3 compatibility.
The HockeyStreams API provides a RESTful interface for automating user authentication, live streaming, on-demand streaming of full games, condensed games, and highlights, and score data. The API requires a user account and API Key. Responses are JSON formatted.
 TXODDS is a London-based sports betting odds comparison service, delivering pre-game and in-running odds from bookmakers, betting exchanges, and handicappers. The TXODDS API provides developer access to dynamically updated odds data via customizable XML feeds. Data can be filled by data type and market segment.
 Skimap.org is an online database of ski area maps. The database includes maps from resorts worldwide, as well as historical maps. The Skimap.org API provides developer access to the websites resources, including region data, ski area data, and map files. The RESTful API returns XML or JSON formatted responses.
 Xmlstats is a straightforward API for obtaining MLB (Major League Baseball) and NBA (National Basketball Association) statistics in either XML or JSON format. Using the RESTful API, users can retrieve a list of events for a given date, the current standings table, the box score for a game, and each team's results for the current season for both the MLB and NBA.
 Open New York collects and exposes local, state, and federal data. The site hosts a catalogue of datasets organized by location or subject area.
The Open New York Recommended Fishing Rivers and Streams API displays access locations of rivers and streams suitable for fishing. Suitability is determined by fisheries biologists from the New York state Department of Environmental Conservation.
The API is accessed through HTTPS. Responses may be JSON, XML, or CSV formatted.
 Bypass is a commerce service and solution for sports and event venues. Bypass offers commerce solutions for concessionaries and merchants that work in sports and event venues.
The Bypass API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Bypass with other applications. This API is REST based.
 ErgDB, created by 73 Summits, provides a place for users to create and share PowerAgent and Erg bicycle training workouts. Workouts use a percentage of FTP as watts, allowing users to use their own FTP when generating workouts.
The ErgDB API provides developer interface for searching and exporting workouts. Workouts are exported in .erg format. Support for Multi-Rider and PowerAgent is expected to be forthcoming. Search responses may be JSON or CSV formatted.
 TidyClub is a club management platform. Clubs, committees, and organizations can use TidyClub to manage the logistics and details for their association, with features like communication tools, accepting payments, and managing tasks and projects.
The TidyClub API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of TidyClub with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing members, listing meetings and meeting details, and tracking financial transactions.
 ClimbingWeather.com provides pinpoint weather data for climbing sites. Weather data is pulled from the National Weather Service National Digital Forecast Database. The ClimbingWeather.com API provides a RESTful interface for interacting with the siteâ€™s area and forecast data. The API returns JSON formatted responses.
 The service provides updated lift status for ski resorts across North America and some in Europe. It aggregates a number of separate data feeds to report on lifts in operation and out of service at selected resorts along with details of lift ticket prices and discounts offered by the resorts. Data feeds from other resorts can be added.
API methods support submission of a request specifying a resort name or a U.S. state, Canadian province, or other jurisdiction. Methods return a listing of operating status reported for lifts at the specified resort or for all resorts in the specified location. Data refreshes every 65 seconds.
 The AFL (Australian Football League) Mobile Web Services are a collection of API functions that allow users to access AFL information and media on their mobile devices. Users can get information on current sports, seasons, fixtures (referred to in the U.S. as "matches"), players, teams, rankings, and ladders. Users may also retrieve media objects such as announcements, news articles, comments, and online videos. These functions are all accessible for integration using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 NFLData.com provides pro football statistical data for personal and professional use. Products include weekly and seasonal data at the player and team level. The NFLData.com API allows developers to automate website or application integration. The API returns JSON or XML formatted data.
the-philadelphia-cricket-club-photo-album didn't extract the description
 Overlake Golf and Country Club is a family club located in a residential area of Medina, WA. They offer their members an 18-hole golf course, 6-lane competition pool, and U.S. Open style tennis courts. Their website hosts a photo album, which is not available to the general public. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites. This API is accessible via SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 The Pacific Links Hawaii Championship is an official PGA Champions Tour golf tournament. It is named for Pacific Links Hawaii, a golf course investment company. The Championship website hosts a photo album, which is programmatically accessible via SOAP API. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites.
 The Glen Abbey Golf Club is a Canadian golf club that is open to both ClubLink members and public golfers. Their website hosts a photo album, which is programmatically accessible via SOAP API. The Photo Album API enables users to load all or some of the images from the photo album onto their own websites.
 SnoCountry exists to highlight and disseminate snow conditions, mountain weather, snowsport events, and ski resort information. The SnoCountry API provides developer access to snow conditions and resort data. Responses may be returned in JSON or HTML format.
 OpenSnow.com provides meteorologist-crafted snow reports and forecasts for ski resorts across America. The OpenSnow API provides developer access to ski area forecasts. Responses may be returned in XML, JSON, or CSV format.
 Fleetly is a fitness website that hopes to to increase user participation and achievement by making the activities social and competitive. The service includes a list of workouts and a list of challenges that the user attempts to accomplish. The API is available free of charge and gives the user access to the Fleetly workout data. An account is required to access the service.
 Leaguevine is an online and mobile platform that allows users to create their personalized sports profiles, add statistics, and interact with other Leaguevine users.
The Leaguevine API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Leaguevine with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving and managing league and player information, managing account information, and retrieving information on teams, leagues, and games.
 Swellcast provides surf and weather information for many locations in Australia. Swellcast offers forecast information for beaches and surf in Australia.
The Swellcast API allows developers to access and integrate the data of Swellcast with other applications and to create new applications. The API methods are returning information on surf forecasts by all states, by specific states, and by location.
 RunAlong is a health community for females to join each other on group rins or walks. The RunAlong API allows users to make dozens of calls including creating new user profiles, retrieving lists of users, uploading photos, checking run maps, and connecting with other users. The API uses REST calls and can return XML or JSON. For authentication, the service uses HTTP Basic Authentication.
 GG.com is an online community for horse racing enthusiasts. Tipzone Pro provides professional tipsters with proofing service and collects professional tipster information for GG.com users. The GG.com Tipzone Pro SOAP API allows tipsters to automate their selections.
 RTRT.me provides real-time race tracking and timing services for running events. The RTRT.me API provides developers with RESTful access to event details, participant data, and real-time results information including runnersâ€™ pace, speed, and more. Responses are JSON formatted.
 SpeedskatingResults.com provides long track metric competition results from ovals worldwide. The SpeedskatingResults.com API provides developer access to results data including a skaterâ€™s personal records or season bests, competition lists, and seed times. Results are XML formatted.
 ProFit is an online personal training service. Users may design and follow their own training plan and track their process on the ProFit website. Data is recorded for each user so that they can review it whenever they wish. ProFit's functions can be accessed programmatically using a SOAP API. The ProFit website is provided solely in German.
 RunSignUp is a service for runners and race directors, providing race website creation, runner registration support, and more. The RunSignUp API provides a RESTful interface for developers to integrate 3rd party applications and services such as timing, results, and participant management functions.
 MyFitnessPal is a web and mobile application that helps users track their diets and exercise. MyFitnessPal offers food and exercise logs that uses can track what they eat and their exercise in.
The MyFitnessPal API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of MyFitnessPal with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email api@myfitnesspal.com for access.
who&#039;s-hurt didn't extract the description
 The service provides for compliance with requirements of the U.K. government for reporting of commercial fishing activities, both amounts and species of fish caught and sales completed. Vessel owners and operators of commercial fishing businesses use the service to report their catch and sales information. Other sellers and resellers as well as buyers can use the service to fulfill their own reporting requirements.
API methods support listing of ports, fishing grounds and regions, and species tracked. Methods also support submission of catch size and composition, by species, size, freshness, and other characteristics. Sales reporting methods allow reporting of transaction information, including buyer and seller, date, species, amount, etc.
 FitnessWizard.com is a website that provides fitness software and software development services. The FitnessWizard API provides users with programmatic access to tools for performing physical fitness assessments. These tools account for heart rate, metabolic rate, blood pressure, body mass index, skinfold measurements, hydrostatic weighing, and body measurements. Calculations are performed using SOAP calls to a given WSDL endpoint.
 nNetis provides a database of tennis courts, tennis clubs, and tennis shops around the country. The data is presented in map form with details including, number of courts at the location, if the courts have lights, if it is indoor, what type of court it is, if the location has a pro shop and what services the shop offers. The nNetis Tennis Database API enables users to utilize the facility database on third-party websites. Examples usages include adding a search box to find local courts or adding a localized facility map. The API is JSON based and free of charge within reasonable usage limits.
track-&-field-results-reporting-system didn't extract the description
 The XML ME Sporting Goods Finder API allows users to search for sporting goods programmatically. The service accepts a search string and returns a URL pointing to the sporting goods search results. The target data resources for this search service are not specified. This API uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 HeiaHeia is a web and mobile application to track fitness, health, and workouts. HeiaHeia can be used individually, by businesses, and by groups.
The HeiaHeia API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of HeiaHeia with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving lists of sports, retrieving sport information, managing workout logs, and managing account information.
 The Trail API allows developers to get access to thousands of outdoor recreation points of interest including trails, campgrounds, and ski resorts. Developers can also pull photos, ratings, and descriptions into their mobile app or website. The Trail API uses Javascript requests and receives callbacks in JSON with the option of using JSONP.
 The service provides frequently updated reports of snow conditions, including new snowfall and related weather events, for ski resorts worldwide. It also provides information about resort facilities and activities useful for winter sports enthusiasts and vacation travel planners.
API methods support specification of a location or region to receive listings of ski resorts nearby and retrieval of existing and new snow reported by those facilities. Methods also support retrieval of resort profiles, photos and images, and special deals or promotions offered.
 The service provides directory listings for approximately 2000 ski resorts around the globe. It generates listings of the nearest skiing facilities for any position on Earth specified by latitude and longitude sorted by distance from the selected location.
API methods accept a request specifying latitude and longitude anywhere on the globe and return listings of the nearest ski resorts, with distance in miles from the specified location. Results come from a database estimated to list 25% of the ski facilities in the world.
 The service compiles results of endurance races for access by the athletes themselves and others interested in the outcomes. It accumulates race completion times and other results by competitor and provides complete listings along with athlete profiles and social networking functions for interaction between them.
API methods support streaming of race results, either for the race as a whole or all races entered by a specified athlete. Methods also support retrieval of results for specified competitors and rivals, including head-to-head matchups, with athletes specified by name, email address, or system ID value. The API also allows retrieval of results for specified races and any "unclaimed results" by competitors not tracked by the system.
 The OpenCaching API gives users the ability to query all of the data stored in the OpenCaching.com database. The service can also authorize users to update and write to the database. The API uses REST calls and will return JSON, XML, or plain text depending on which data request is sent. The OpenCaching service is a community based geocaching service with user generated content. The site is a subsidiary of Garmin Ltd.
 DGcoursereview.com provides an extensive database of disc golf courses across the United States which is accessible through the DGCourseReview API. This REST API allows users to build course details, ratings, hole information, and other data into sites and applications. An API key is required for use, and display requirements must be met for API use to be granted. The API has usage limit set to 100 calls per day during beta development, but once an app has been finalized a plan must be selected governing usage.
 ESPN ALPS is a scoring API for Basketball and Lacrosse that allows users to submit live scoring data to ESPN. The API is holding a competition for developers with over $10k in cash prizes. The service uses SOAP calls and returns JSON. API authentication uses an access key and a shared secret.
 The SpitCast API allows users to access SpitCasts surf prediction algorithm. The API uses the REST protocol and returns JSON surf predictions. The service provides surf data for regions along the California coast. To see example uses visit the SpitCast API home page.
 StatsFC Premier League is a service that provides English Premier League statistics for soccer/football. Statistic features include tables, fixtures, results, forms, and top scorers.
The StatsFC Premier League API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of the StatsFC service with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving the League table, retrieving top scorers, and retrieving results.
The API's deployment is restricted to non-commercial use.
 Trailforks is a user-powered mountain biking trail database for Canada. It includes information such as trail locations, 3D maps, trail features, and current conditions. Trailforks also serves as a platform for riding associations and riders to log work done on trails and monitor trail issues. A REST-based API enables users to add or retrieve trail information programmatically.
 The Washington Post is a newspaper out of Washington DC.
The Washington Post NFL Statistics API allows developers to access and integrate statistics from the National Football League (NFL) with other applications and to create new applications. Example API methods include retrieving players and player information, retrieving team statistics and information, and retrieving information on games.
 Pinnacle Sports is an online service that offers information on betting on multiple sports i.e. football, soccer, baseball, rugby. The Pinnacle Sports API allows developers to integrate the functionality of Pinnacle Sports with their applications. Some API methods include retrieving lists of sports, retrieving lists of leagues, and retrieving sports feeds.
 Willpath is a service that allows users track their healthy choices. Users register their fitness tracking sensor devices, such as FitBit, with Willpath. They can also keep track of their diet via Willpath. The more healthful choices they make, the more credit users receive. This credit can be redeemed with participating charities and retailers. Users can also gain more credit by attaining sponsors. The Willpath API exposes the aggregated data about user performance and the entirety of the crediting system. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-encoded data.
 My Cycling Log is an online tool for tracking a cyclist's rides. It also support team or group ride tracking. The API allows the user to post stats on new rides, retrieve lists of saved rides, enter bike model information, or retrieve saved bikes.
 Watch! is a service that lets fans search for a place to watch their favorite sports team and then book a table at that locale. Restaurants and bars register with the service to participate. Listed games are primarily from La Liga (Spain), the Euroleague, and the NBA. Listed bars are primarily in Europe and major US cities. The API offers users the same functionality as the web interface with outputs in JSON format.
 Meridix is a service that lets users webcast their own sports and events with live audio and video. The webcasts have the ability to launch game trackers and live scores. When an event is completed, users can send automatic text or email alerts.
The Meridix API allows users to retrieve data from any of their Meridix accounts for use in their web sites or applications. This includes live data from from webcasts, scores, news, photos, polls, and other content. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 OpenLigaDB is an open community operated database for entering and retrieving sports information. This information, primarily centered on football results can be used in the creation and running of leagues. The API provides access to the data stored on the site. This data includes date and time of games, group information, name and URL of teams, game outcomes, latest updates to the game data and more. The API can also be used to manage leagues including adding and editing of teams and schedules and entering the game results. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. The site and documentation are in German.
 Don Best Sports is a web site that provides real time odds, information and news on various sports. The Don Best Sports API allows users to access the site data via web calls. The available data includes schedule, messages, injuries, betting lines, scores, teams, leagues and SportsBooks. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
the-sports-network didn't extract the description
 The service provides training tools and social interactions for bicycling hobbyists. It is under development by avid cyclists from Austin, Texas, to help others track rides and record performance, with plans for route guidance and suggestions. Social networking tools for interactions among cyclists also are anticipated.
API methods currently support retrieval of route information with location and altitude as well as speed and power ratings. Returned data support interaction with mapping applications.
 GSMâ€™s data feeds allows for you to easily store our content within your own systems and platforms. Our feeds provide a uniform structure across the different sports we provide, allowing for easy integration.
The API provides the largest collection of football (soccer) coverage in the market with more than 850 leagues/cups offered. Additional sports include American Football, Baseball, Basketball, Ice Hockey, Golf, Cricket, Rugby, Tennis, Motorsports, Handball, Volleyball, and Australian Football.
Along with fixtures/schedules, live scores and results, we also offer team and player stats/profiles, historical data/stats, odds from more than 200 bookmakers and news/video feeds.
The data can be syndicated through web pull using Akamai as a CDN. A variety of dynamic XML calls and parameters are available so content retrieval is based on what data files are needed and file sizes can be minimized if required.
Customers are given access to our Client Portal, providing in-depth documentation, DTDâ€™s and sample code examples. Additional overviews on what content is and is not available can be viewed in real-time along with our coverage for all competitions covered globally for easy planning of future event coverage.
Our support staff is on duty 24/7/365 to help with any issues during testing, integration and after go-live.
 iScore sports creates ESPN affiliated apps for baseball/softball, basketball, and football. Additionally, iScore also provides websites and stat-recording services for individual teams of any level.
The iScore Sports Team Website API provides those who have purchased an iScore Team Website with a variety of methods for retrieving information from the website. The API allows users to get information about a team's roster, individual games, or player-specific statistics.
This API operates over HTTP and returns data as XML. Access is restricted to those with a Team Website account; users can create a password using their iSports account, which must be included in each API call.
 Free API for delivery of XML and JSON weather feeds for global locations specified by latitude/longitude, Postcode, or Zipcode. Options include current weather condition and 2-day forecast information for multiple global locations, 7-day forecast information for any single global location, and snow report data (where available) plus 6-day forecast information for any single ski resort or mountain location.
 Part of an effort by the UN's Fisheries and Aquaculture Organization to modernize, improve, and streamline the global flow of information about fishery statistics, fishery resources, and stock status and trends. Web services are part of establishing an open and interoperable platform based on XML, HTTP and REST to make available selected information from the organization's Fisheries and Aquaculture Fact Sheets. The API gives access to lists of fact sheets by domain and international language, fish stocks by species and geographic area, etc.
 Oobgolf is a virtual representation of the social golfer network. It provides golfers with access to proven tools and concepts of social networking and consumer submitted and edited content. The RESTful API provides the user with access to site data. The data covers golfers, courses and scores.
 The FanFeedr platform provides aggregated sports news and data for 55,000 athletes and 4,000 teams from over 8,000 sources. FanFeedr partners with Getty Images to offer images for customers seeking an affordable content provision solution. The Image API solution provides photos to supplement websites or applications in a meaningful way. It returns a list of image ids and descriptions. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 RezScore is a service that grades and scores people's resumes. Users can upload their resume on RezScore's website to get a score based on algorithms. Users can also access RezScore's resume help and recommendations.
The RezScore API is available to people who sign up for a RezScore account. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://rezscore.com/api.
 Sierra Trading Post is a retailer that specializes in offering discounts on popular outdoor clothing brands and outdoor gear.
The Sierra Trading Post API allows developers to access Sierra Trading Post's data and functionality. Some example API methods include searching products, listing brands & departments, filtering, accessing reviews, sorting and automatic affiliate's deep links generation.
 eOddsmaker is an online software that provides sport betting odds compilation and analysis services using the Oddsmaker engine. eOddsmaker also provides users with information that will enable them to stay up to date with the global market on the sport gambling industry. By using the API, developers will be able to integrate this database into their applications. The API uses SOAP protocol, and responses are in XML format.
 FishingBuddy is a website devoted to fishing- and hunting-related articles, guides, water level reports, photos, videos, and more. FishingBuddy content is limited to North Dakota.
FishingBuddy is part of the Total Outdoor Network (TON) which offers an API to third-party developers to access FishingBuddy content, as well as publish to the site. The API uses the HTTP protocol and returns responses in REST and JSON.
 The Global Tennis Network is an online community and network for tennis players. The Global Tennis Network helps tennis players and tennis fans set up tennis tournaments and tennis leagues based on the network's tennis ladders, as well as finding other resources on tennis, like court locations and information on tennis equipment.
The Global Tennis Network API allows developers to access the functionality and information within the Global Tennis Network. Some example API methods include finding tennis tournaments, ladders, and users, submit challenges to users, and accessing ladder standings.
 The Meridix Network allows you to create live audio or video webcasts with the ability to include game trackers and live scores. As events complete, automatic score alerts can go to fans via email or text message. The Meridix LiveID API allows you to pull data from any of your Meridix accounts into any external website or web service. For example, you might want to incorporate the live score of a game into a ticker on your website, or create a widget to display upcoming games.
 Press Association Sport is the sports branch of the national news agency for the UK and Ireland. Developers can use the API to integrate football data and use it to power websites, live-score tickers, smartphone and tablet apps. The Press Association Sport API lets users get access to high quality football data. Users can access historical and in-game data from all major English and Scottish league and cup competitions. Public documentation is not available.
 The 2011 International Computational Billiards Championships has the goal to promote the development and aid the evaluation of novel artificial intelligence techniques for computational pool. The pool competition and physics server includes a web service API. The API can be used to request tasks and submit shots, access the database and physics library. It uses XML-RPC protocol.
 The BodyMedia FIT system includes a wearable Armband that collects user data points each day and an online Activity Manager where users input their body parameters, set personal goals and log food intake. The API gives developers the ability to interact with the data for users who have granted them access. Developers can then use this data in third party products, applications, and services. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 Team Cowboy is a free web site that lets users manage and organize their sports teams. Team Cowboy offers a REST API that allows developers to create mobile, desktop, and other software applications that interact with the Team Cowboy platform. These applications can then leverage Team Cowboy's extensive functionality for managing and accessing social sports teams and groups. The API is comprised of various methods for retrieving, creating, updating, and deleting information for users or teams on Team Cowboy. Responses are formatted in JSON and PHP.
 Challonge is a service to create tournament brackets. Users can make single elimination, double elimination and round-robin brackets, in addition to the FIDE-based Swiss system. The Challonge API expands tournament creation and control to the programmatic level. You can create tournaments on the fly and report scores directly from your application. This allows you to define score reporting permissions that fit your user model, and provide a more seamless tournament experience for your users.
 FFindr is a web service that contains data about upcoming Frisbee events and tournaments, Frisbee teams and players, and other links. The FFindr API allows developers to access FFindr's data through their own applications.
 Alpinaut is a "route diagrams search engine." It contains user-contributed adventure sports routes organized by sport. For example, you can find places to rock climb or snow shoe. Using the Alpinaut API, your applications can search by location to find nearby points of interest.
 Breadcrumbs allows users to manage and play back their GPS tracks in a 3D world using the Google Earth plug-in, plus the ability to seamlessly upload and geo-tag photos and videos.
The API allows to plug into Breadcrumbs to
* upload new tracks to a user
* retrieve tracks including photos
* upload photos to a track
* search after tracks by location and activity
 WinTheTrophy offers developers their BetBot API which gives access to making sports bets. The API features a RESTful protocol and returns data via the JSON and XML formats.
 The Kumutu API allows users to interact and "sync" with suppliers from your own web sites and applications. Kumutu gives adventure operators an exclusive opportunity to market, sell and distribute their activities from one central location. Kumutu provides a distribution system for adventure activity operators and activities worldwide via a Rest XML and JSON API. Operators and activities include white water rafting, rock climbing, kite surfing, scuba diving, surfing, etc.
 RunSaturday is a website designed to assist you in achieving your training, exercise and fitness goals, whether that be a new personal best time in a half marathon, losing some weight, or just creating a track of a wonderful walk in the mountains.
You can use a wide range of GPS enabled tracking devices and phones to log your activity, and then benefit from lots of tools to analyze and share your data across your blogs, online training logs or any other websites.
 CycleStreets is a UK-wide cycle journey planner system, which lets you plan routes from A to B by bike. It is designed by cyclists, for cyclists, and caters for the needs of less both confident and less confident cyclists.
 Openfooty offers the latest football (soccer) videos, a community, a proprietary dreamfooty fantasy football game, user profiles, and fan traits and fan valuation leaderboards. The openfooty API makes the footytube technology platform available to developers, editors, publishers, and footy addicts who want to dig deep into the world of football (soccer). The API is offered via a RESTful protocol and returns data in JSON or PHP format.
 Map My Tracks is the easy way to accurately track and share your sporting activities or sports events live. In real-time, friends, spectators, coaches or sponsors can follow the action as it happens. Map My Tracks turns your mobile phone into your personal real-time GPS tracking device. Using a mobile phone with built-in GPS or an external GPS receiver you can map and track your location in real-time. Map My Tracks brings a new insight into your sporting activity, provides a competitive edge and makes training fun. Map My Tracks let your friends, competitors or parents know where you are right now.
Map My Tracks provides a simple interface that allows developpers to access and update their activity data. You can use this API to make your own widgets or applications that seamlessly integrate Map My Tracks with other services.
 Use the MyFantasyLeague.com developers program to access raw XML or RSS data from MyFantasyLeague.com's fantasy football repository, which is for American NFL football. Get live scoring, player scores, draft results, top starters, practice reports, free agents, team schedules, and more.
 Use the Dilogs API to get your dives, post your dives, get events, get user profiles, and generally do things programmatically that you can do on the main site. Some methods do not require authentication, such as getSitesNear. Dilogs is for keeping track of all your dives easily, as well as for socializing with others who enjoy the water. You can access your profile from anywhere using a PC or mobile device with an Internet connection. In addition to the API, a KML option is also available to access users' public information and dive sites. Also, this file can be visualized with Google Earth.
 Walker Tracker is a site for pedometer enthusiasts to share their steps and compete for the highest counts. The API provides access to a user's steps, friends and groups so that the data can be re-visualized or included in other applications.
 From their site at [[http://www.cypressgolfsolutions.com Cypress Golf Solutions]]: Website operators in the golf and travel industries are looking for new ways to attract and retain customers while growing their revenues at the same time. Cypress offers the most popular private label tee time reservation engine available and pays higher net commissions than any other provider. Access to the Cypress API so you can design your own custom website page layout and booking process. Our API allows you to maintain total control and tightly integrate our system with yours.
 PayPal offers online payment solutions and has more than 153 million customers worldwide. The PayPal API makes powerful functionality available to developers by exposing various features of the PayPal platform. Functionality includes but is not limited to invoice management, transaction processing and account management.
 The Stripe API allows developers to access the functionality of Stripe. Some example API methods include sending invoices, accepting payments, managing subscription billing, and editing and managing account information.
Stripe is a service that allows users to accept payments online, specifically developers. With the Stripe application, users can keep track of payments, search past payments, create recurring charges, and keep track of customers.
 Authorize.Net provides IP based payment gateway services. The Authorize.Net API enables developers to integrate digital payments into applications. It is optimized for mobile, provides PCI compliance, has iOS and Android SDKs, and stores customer payment information with digital wallet technology. It integrates with Visa Checkout, bank accounts and PayPal, and features methods for fraud management, transaction reporting and recurring billing.
 From their site: The first payments service designed from the ground up specifically for developers. The set of web services APIs allows the movement of money between any two entities, humans or computers. It is built on top of Amazon's reliable and scalable payment infrastructure. Amazon FPS offers developers unmatched flexibility in how they can structure payment instructions, including standing instructions that can remain in place for multiple transactions.
 Coinbase is an electronic service and "wallet" for bitcoins and digital currency. Users can transfer currency, pay merchants, and make other payments instantly.
The Coinbase API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Coinbase with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving account information and balances, sending money, requesting money, and managing user information.
 QuickBooks Payments API lets developers use eCommerce websites or online processing for customer sites, process credit card payments. It can also be used for QuickBooks Online to record transactions.
With a full suite of developer-centric resources including free software development toolkits, developer sandbox, and on-demand support, Intuit's QuickBooks Payment API is the definitive source for payment application developers.
 Payments Gateway is a service from ACH Direct, Inc., one of the largest and fastest growing privately held payment processing companies in the United States.
The API provides a platform for customizable integration options to meet the payment processing needs of a variety of merchants. Often the API is used to build white label integrations.
 Bittrex provides live data on the cryptocurrency market and acts as a currency exchange platform. The Bittrex API is a simple RESTful API for programmatically accessing a user's account and interacting with management functionality. The API supports virtually all functionality that is accessible via the Bittrex web interface, such as making trades, withdrawals, and deposits, and checking account balances and currency prices. The limit on HTTP requests is 500 open orders and 200,000 orders a day. A registered account and a custom API key are required for API usage.
bitcoin-charts-/-markets didn't extract the description
 Go Processing offers solutions to support online payment through mobile devices. Their API allows users to recharge mobile phones, DTH and data cards in India for more than 14 service providers. API calls include service data request, service transaction request, transaction status and support request. The API uses RESTful calls and responses can be formatted in XML, JSON and HTML.
 The Recurly API provides a recurring subscription billing system for online businesses. It is available in REST architecture with XML and JSON formats, public key, basic auth, and token as authentication methods secured in SSL, and HTTP status codes. With the API, developers can integrate recurring billing features including adjustments, invoices, plans, and subscriptions.
 Use the Moneybookers Automated Payments Interface API to send money, make pay-on-demand transactions, check transaction statuses, and download account histories. Users of the main site send money via Moneybookers by logging into their account and using the Send Money option. You can automate this same process using the API.
 The Cashplus REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cashplus with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving accounts and retrieving transactions. Cashplus is a banking solution provider in the UK.
 The SDK.finance API offers integration with several financial products that help build eCommerce and merchant platforms. Integrated services include payment systems, payment processing, E-wallets, virtual money, gift cards, prepaid cards, money exchange, and P2P money transfers. SDK.finance offers flexible price terms tailored to the client's needs. The API offers anti-fraud measures at no additional cost. SDK.finance is headquartered in Czech Republic.
 The Neto application programmer interface enables third party software to interact with the Neto E-commerce Suite. Requests can be made in XML or JSON and returns Categories, Warehouses, Customers and more. Neto is an all-in-one hosted ecommerce software solution based in Australia.
 The Blockchain Receive Payments API allows the user to process Bitcoin payments with a single Bitcoin address. This API uses http GET requests and requires a secret password for authorization. The service is free and does not require branding.
Blockchain is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data. Blockchain also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets.
 The Blockchain Wallet API allows Merchants to use a simple interface can to interact with electronic wallets. This API decrypt the wallet as needed and re-saves. This API uses HTTP GET and POST requests. The API allows single or multiple payments to be made individually, wallet balances, and address management functions. API Key is required for authentication
 Mobbr is a crowd-based payment platform. The Mobbr API is a payment app for collaboration and crowd-sourcing. Mobbr accepts POST and PUT requests, and returns responses, in JSON or XML. Authentication is made via HTTP Basic Auth. Use the Mobbr API to make peer-to-peer payments, find individuals for a task, seek out tasks for a user, or manage a crowd funding campaign. Mobbr can pay to usernames, emails, Twitter users or bitcoin addresses and more. See the project documentation for more information and to access a sandbox API.
 The Business Policies Management API gives sellers the ability to apply consistent business policies to all listings in a category rather than entering in policy information individually. When a seller's category is updated with the API, all listings in that group are updated as well. These programmable factors include shipping, payment, and return details. The RESTful Business Policies Management API accepts HTTP requests and can return in JSON or XML.
 CaptchaCoin is a captcha solving service that allows users to both use the service to have their own captchas solved, or users can solve captchas and receive payment for the service in bitcoins. The CaptchaCoin API allows users to submit captchas to be solved. The API uses REST calls, and an account is required with service, as well as an API key.
 Targeted towards retail and hospitality businesses, Kounta is scalable, cloud-based point of sale platform. The Kounta POS service can be securely accessed on any device at anytime across a range of channels including online, in-store and mobile.
Kounta offers a RESTful API for the easy integration of Kounta services with third-party applications. Example methods include customers, companies, orders, registers, payments, products, staff, and much more. Both JSON and XML data types are supported.
 PaymentSpring is online merchant account and payment gateway that allows companies and users to quickly send and accept payments. The site offers flat rates, no contracts, lower PCI compliance issues, and no credit card storage. The PaymentSpring API uses REST calls and uses and API key for authentication. The API allows users to make calls to manipulate customer data, plan data logging event data, charge data, and subscription data.
 mcxNOW is a digital currency exchange platform where users can buy and trade multiple currencies. The site handles Bitcoin, among other currencies, and offers low trading fees, a C++ trading engine, anonymous trading, and 3 tier network security. The mcxNOW API allows users to check the site order book for the last traded price, and the trading volume. The service uses REST calls and returns XML.
 Labs64 NetLicensing is a first-class solution in the Licensing as a Service (LaaS) sector.
Based on open standards, it provides a cost effective, integrated and scalable platform for software vendors and developers who want to concentrate on their product’s core functionality instead of spending resources on developing an own license management software.
 Paymentwall provides a solution for globally monetizing digital goods and services, assisting game publishers, dating sites, rewards sites, and many others in monetizing their digital content. The Paymentwall API allows customers to install customized Paymentwall widgets into their applications.
 ShipStation is a web-based shipping solution that streamlines the order fulfillment process for online retailers. ShipStation integrates with USPS, UPS, and FedEx for retrieving rates, creating shipping labels, and much more. The ShipStation API allows you to feed orders, customers, and products into ShipStation in addition to querying on a wide variety of data.
 PerfectMoney offers a secure money transfer service from p2p and from b2b. The PerfectMoney API allows users to interact with the PerfectMoney service programmatically using the REST protocol. The API allows users to check account history, balance, exchange rates, and e-voucher listings of the user's account. It also enables active uses such as spending calls and e-Voucher creation.
 The service processes payments denominated in bitcoins, debiting the balance of the customer making the payment and crediting the balance of the recipient. It allows e-commerce sellers and service providers to accept online bitcoin payments, with full tracking of all payments processed.
API methods support creating an order specifying the person or entity making the payment, the amount paid, and the recipient. The payment request generates a confirmation message from the service allowing verification of the data. When the requesting site responds to the confirmation request, methods process the payment and return data allowing the payment to be tracked by all parties. Methods also allow processing of refunds of previously processed payments.
 The service hosts e-commerce storefronts with complete product browse and search service and checkout/payment functions to complete purchases. Users can manage product records and display templates via a native admin interface or by integrating via the API.
API methods support import of XML files to populate product records as well as XML export of existing product information. Methods also support integration with StoneEdge and Endicia for fulfillment of completed purchases.
 CashEdge, a division of Fiserv, is a provider of payments and aggregation solutions to financial institutions. These include Popmoney person-to-person (P2P) payments, account transfers, account opening and funding, small business invoicing and payments, and financial account aggregation.
TransferNow is an online funds transfer solution that gives users the ability to securely transfer funds between accounts they own that are held at more than 23,000 banks, credit unions and brokerages via the ACH network. The TransferNow XML API allows developers to integrate the product modules with their financial institution's existing processes. Public documentation is not available.
 The LevelUp API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of LevelUp with other applications, such as point-of-sale systems and to create new applications. Some example API methods include accepting online payments, accepting mobile payments, and retrieving reporting information.
LevelUp is an online and mobile payment service. Users can set up their own QR code that allows them to pay various merchants via scanning the QR code. LevelUp also offers users savings when paying with the LevelUp application. Merchants can integrate the LevelUp system with their point-of-sale systems to accept LevelUp payments for goods and services.
 The service provides a secure payment platform for integration with applications needing checkout functions for credit card and ACH (automated clearing house) transactions. Existing shopping cart packages already integrate with the service, creating a range of solutions for applications.
API methods support submission of customer identity and payment information, either credit card number, expiration, etc., or bank account information for ACH transactions. Transaction submissions can also specify product specific information for the hotel, auto rental, and other industries.
 Block Explorer is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data. Block Explorer also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets.
The Block Explorer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data from Block Explorer with other applications. Some example API methods include accessing chart and block information, listing charts and blocks, and manage bitcoin transactions.
 The Venmo API is made up of two different public APIs. "The Payment Links API provides a simple method for sending invoices or suggested payments via any medium (Email, SMS, Facebook, Twitter). Payment links have 3 optional parameters and are constructed by adding these parameters to the base URL. The Receipts API allows every Venmo user to send receipt data for payments they receive to a third party webservice. By default, users get receipts via Email and SMS, but the Receipts API provides a simple method for automating followup actions to payments (like collecting a postal address for fulfillment or automating digital fulfillment via email)." Please note, from the company: "The Venmo Developer API is, and will be, available to all existing users and we will continue to support those partners, including Braintree merchants who use the Payouts API. We have, however, discontinued accepting new beta users of the API as we are focusing efforts to open up the beta to pay with Venmo. Focusing our efforts on allowing users to pay with Venmo within select merchant apps allows us to provide many of the capabilities previously powered by the API, now with optimal user and developer experiences alike. "
 The Dwolla API provides an interface to integrate the Dwolla payments platform into a software application. Dwolla provides white labeled bank transfer payment services that includes is a simple yet powerful API for ACH transfers.
The API provides developers with the functionality to transfer money to users, send mass payments, transfer money between users, facilitate bank verification and authorization, and retrieve transfer history. The RESTful API implements HATEOS and HAL, and responses are formatted in JSON.
 CyberSource helps you accept payments on your website. The service supports payments by credit card, electronic check and PayPal. There are several methods that can be used and developer kits in a number of languages.
 The LiqPAY API lets developers using their for managing payment and billing systems. Such as creating your custom payment system
or an API for client authorization and identification using mobile phone.
 The Payment Vision service has a payment plug-in that works with receivables software, shopping carts, billing websites, and many other payment applications. Payment Vision also has a suite of built in payment capture applications. PayAPI is a SOAP-based XML web service, designed for software publishers to add payment processing functionality to their software applications in compliance with PCI-DSS. PayAPI can process one-time and recurring credit card, debit card and ACH payments. PaymentVision is an online payment gateway that connects to the ACH (Automated Clearing House) and all major debit and credit card networks.
 Dapi is a unified open banking API that allows developers to retrieve data on users' financial information and make payments within applications. Methods are available to obtain financial data about user identity, accounts, account balance, account transactions, and account metadata. Also to perform financial operations such as payments, on a users' behalf. Developers must register and conduct application creation in the Dapi dashboard.
nowpayments didn't extract the description
 Billplz is a payment platform for merchants to pay and get paid quickly and affordably. V4 of the Billplz API includes methods to manage bill collections, payout flows, payout collections, payment gateways, and tokenization.
 The WeCashUp API ...
[Welcome to WeCashUp , the new way of accepting Mobile Money payments across Africa with one single integration. The WeCashUp API is based on the REST architecture and uses the conventional HTTP response codes to indicate responses returned by our API. Our architecture is highly secure, so to securely interact with the WECASHUP API, all our partners must also secure the way they use API resources. The API uses JSON data format for all responses. With WeCashUp API, you can do the following CRUD operations:
]
 The PayPay Open Payment API enables developers to make payment operations in partner applications. The API supports wallet payments, pre-authorization and capture payment flows, and checkout experiences. This API requires TLS 1.2 or higher as a security measure; TLS 1.0-1.1 is not supported. The API features API Key authentication.
 Through its developer portal, PayByFace enables third party application developers to integrate their customers biometric face templates with a tokenized card on file. Such customers will be able to pay for their in-store shopping at any PayByFace merchant by simply have their faces scanned by a camera enabled tablet installed at point of sale. The payment is then processed via an e-commerce payment gateway without the need for the endusers to touch anything. PayByFace provides a unified interface that exposes several functions of the PayByFace system capabilities for 3rd party developers to use in their own mobile apps.
 The SeerBit API enables developers to integrate secure payment flows with business oriented applications. This API is used to accept payments, define payment methods, and create order objects. The API features Token-based authentication. SeerBit is PCI-DSS Level 1 compliant.
 The Bambora Onboarding API retrieves custom interface tools to allow sub-merchants to sign up for an account.
Data in return includes card tokenization, payment profile, and transaction search. Developers can use Base64Encoded to authenticate.
 The UnivaPay API enables single charge and recurrent payments. The API offers access to metadata, transactions, refunds, credit card management, and account verification processes. This API implements Token-based authentication. UnivaPay supports direct debit transfers, convenience store and credit settlement, and prepaid cards. UnivaPay is a Japanese payment provider with credit card and cross-border support.
 Poool enables developers to integrate paywall services with their applications. Poool's dynamic paywall offers ways to offer users personalized compensation choices when accessing content. This platform features dashboard support for publishers, widgets for readers, and easy integration with CRM, data and analytics systems. Poool conforms to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The Poool API offers access to user data, surveys, and statistics.
 The Fidel API retrieves global payment data in real-time. With the API, developers can implement cards, offers, locations, and transactions into applications. They can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return.
 Complete payment validation solution, based on highly-reliable official data sources.
 Mobbex is a payments platform based in Argentina. The Mobbex API enables checkout capabilities, payment orders, QR code features, loyalty programs, and currency conversions. The API features API Key and Token based authentication, requires JSON formatted payloads, and returns JSON formatted responses. Mobbex is capable of sending payment orders using WhatsApp, social media, email, and receiving payments using their proprietary MultiPOS device.
 The Green Money eNotification API allows developers to retrieve and delete system event notifications. Developers can choose to retrieve all notifications or just unseen notifications.
Green Money is a payment service that allows vendors to debit their customers' bank accounts directly in order to avoid credit card fees.
 The Green Money eCheck API allows developers to enter drafts, billpays, and invoices into the Green Money system as well as get information about those entries once they're accepted.
Green Money is a payment service that allows vendors to debit their customers' bank accounts directly in order to avoid credit card fees.
 The Green Money Report API allows developers to retrieve, filter, and display data from Green Money's system in their own custom reports.
Green Money is a payment service that allows vendors to debit their customers' bank accounts directly in order to avoid credit card fees.
 RocketGate is an e-commerce gateway and payment processing platform. RocketGate features advanced reporting, multiple currency support, merchant support tools, recurring billing, automated charge-back processing, and risk management. RocketGate is a Tier 1 certified Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant service provider.
 VaroPago is an online payment platform for the LATAM market. VaroPago functions as middleman for bank accounts and their proprietary Varo card. This card is refillable and replaceable. Developers are able to access payment histories, security features, and associated accounts. VaroPago is accessible indirectly, via SDKs in different languages.
 The BDApps Pro CaaS API allows developers to monetize their apps with micropayments. It includes methods for retrieving the account balance of a given subscriber, charging specific amounts from a subscriber's account, and more.
BDApps is an application development platform that provides Robi network tools for monetization and messaging. BDApps is based in Bangladesh.
 The GivingTech Webhooks API
 The Payone API can process payments including Amazon Pay, Alipay, PayPal, Klarna, and RatePay.
JSON formats are available to make callbacks. Developers can refer to the changelog for current version.
 The Xendit API integrates payments, invoicing, and disbursement features in applications targeted for South East Asia markets.
Postman collection is available. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will retrieve JSON format in return.
 XcooBee is a privacy and contactless payment platform with cyber-security features and data protection features. XcooBee offers frictionless cookie management, email guard, marketing consent management, and secure file transfer. The XcooBee GraphQL API enables developers to request queries and mutations. The API implements API Key authentication.
 Bleumi enables developers to integrate digital currency payment capabilities with their applications. Bleumi provides one integration with support for any digital currency on the following blockchain networks: Algorand, Ethereum, rsk, xDAI, and Libra. The Bleumi API allows users to pay using credit and debit cards, and digital currencies including Tether USD, USD Coin, Stasis EURO, and CryptoFranc. The API features REST architecture and API Key authentication.
 The BitLaunch API provides access to; details about a transaction, data revolving around a server, the ability to list all SSH keys for an account and more. This API requires that you generate an access Token to authenticate services for; Account, SSH Keys, Creation Options, Transactions and Servers. BitLaunch.io provides anonymous VPS services and accepts cryptocurrency as payment, from hosts that includes; DigitalOcean, Vultr and Linode.
 The GivingTech Direct Payment API
rapyd-point-of-sale-webhooks didn't extract the description
 The Rapyd Wallet API provides services to; create a Rapyd Wallet, change or modify a Rapyd Wallet, retrieve the details of a Rapyd Wallet and more. Rapyd Payments provides a way to manage transactions in the Rapyd Payments service. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 The Postpay API allows access to checkout data, order information, refunds, and settlements. The API can be accessed via GraphQL querying. Postpay enables installment payment options in applications. Postpay allows retailers to increase sales from existing and new customers, increase average order value, and drive repeat purchases. There is no fees or interest rate associated with purchases.
 The QuadPay API integrates payments into applications, allowing to split any store purchase into 4 amounts.
Developers can authenticate with token and make calls that will retrieve JSON format in return. Learn more about QuadPay in this link: 
 The OpenPayd Webhooks API are HTTP callbacks that receive notification messages for OpenPayd events. This includes the following types; Currency, Account Created, Currency Account Status Update, Client Created and more. The OpenPayd API allows you to develop custom solutions that manage your organization’s payments. It is an integration with the functionality for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout. OpenPayd provides a way to scale payment flows, simplify treasury, process payments in real-time and reduce costs, with solutions that are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts, payments, FX and card processing solutions.
 The TrueAccord API allows collecting debts of credit card issuers, consumer loans, and real estate users. Authenticate to the TrueAccord API by providing the API key as username using HTTP Basic Authentication.
TrueAccord integrates balances, customers, soft-recalls, reports, demographics, payments, and debts.
 Sonect enables a "virtual ATM" in third parties. Sonect makes it easy to send money to friends or partner shops using a PCI DSS compliant payment processor. A fee per cash withdrawal. The Sonect platform is supervised by Switzerland's Financial Services Standards Association (VQF), and in the EU, Sonect has an E-Money Institution License (EMI) from the Bank of Lithuania.
 The Rapyd Webhooks API provides a way to receive a callback that is triggered by an event in the Rapyd Payments platform. This Rapyd API is a notifications service that allows you to access relevant information about an event such as; fraud detection and prevention, finalizing a transaction, an audit trail and more. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 The Rapyd Payments API provides a way to manage transactions to; Collect payments, Disburse funds, Manage Rapyd Wallets and others. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 The Wallex API allows integrating payments, conversions, and collections. Wallex covers Singapore, Indonesia, China, and Hong Kong markets.
Developers can use an API Key and a secret access key to authenticate and make calls in JSON format.
 The Checkbook.io API sends and receives funds without checks. Checkbook.io provides an API Key and an API Secret with demo, sandbox, and production environments to authenticate and make calls to the API.
Postman collection available.
Checkbook.io aims to eliminate paper checks.
 PostFinance's E-Payment API enables developers to programmatically access financial related resources in their applications. The API returns hosted checkout data, payment information, refund processing information, and products. The API features REST architecture and Token-based authentication. PostFinance is a fintech company based in Switzerland.
 The Syncro API retrieves managed service provider (MSP) services including payments, invoicing, credit card payments, help desk, and email marketing. Developers can authenticate the REST API using a Key.
Syncro offers a guide to use Swagger files and alternatives to integrate with Microsoft Teams, WooCommerce, and credit card processing systems.
 Peach’s is a go-to resource for Squarespace stores to sell products and run successful launches with referral and affiliate marketing software and is based in Bondi Beach, Australia.
 The SpectroCoin Bitcoin API provides exchange, wallet, debit card, and payment processor data in JSON format.
SpectroCoin, part of Bankera, invites developers to create applications to buy, send, and sell Bitcoin and other currencies including Ethereum, Nem, and Dash.
 The OpenPayd API lets you develop custom solutions to manage your organization’s payments. It offers an integration with the functionality needed for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout. OpenPayd provides a way to expand into international markets by connecting to the OpenPayd banking and payments infrastructure to scale payment flows, simplify treasury, process payments in real-time and reduce costs. OpenPayd solutions are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts, payments, FX and card processing solutions.
 The Finastra Payment Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates a new CT payment. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 Perform actions on Payment Requests:Pay Now– Accept the request and pay now, Pay Later – Accept the request and pay later, Reject – Reject the request
 The Finastra Payment Request Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates, rejects, and accepts a payment request. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Gig Wage API brings the full power of Gig Wage's 1099 independent contractor payroll, payments and banking platform to any developer. Integrate robust payroll, payments and banking infrastructure into your own applications and platforms.
 The PAY.JP API combines several payment methods in one platform including Apple Pay, their proprietary PayID, and card-based methods such as VISA, AMEX, and Discover. The API provides methods that improve eCommerce capabilities including customer data, transfers, events, products, and accounts. The PAY.JP API implements API Key based authentication.
 Circle enables businesses to harness the power of stablecoins. Stablecoins offer the flexibility and security of cryptocurrencies, and the low volatility of government issued currencies. Circle is powered by USD Coin (USDC). The Circle API integrates global banking connectivity, and wallet infrastructure with external fintech applications.
 heidelpay combines 200 payment methods in one platform. heidelpay supports FlexiPay, standard payment methods (Vista, MasterCard, AMEX), and online payment methods. Developers can integrate their applications with heidelpay and 30 shop systems such as Magento, PrestaShop, and WooCommerce. The heidelpay API is accessible via SDK.
 The Directa24 API retrieves local payment features for emerging international markets. A wide range of options to pay online in local currency includes cash payments, credit cards, online banking, and market-specific popular solutions.
Developers can implement deposits, cash outs, and easy cashouts and integrate with sample codes available in cURL, PHP, Java, and C#.
 Splitit provides credit card based installment plans on purchases. Splitit transactions are approved based on the customer's credit line, when the card is accepted. The Splitit API enables developers to initiate, create, approve, and cancel installment plans in their applications. Requests and responses are JSON formatted.
 The Cardknox API integrates payments into online, mobile, and in-store applications. It uses the same URL for sandbox and live accounts and it requires xKey to authenticate. The API supports Credit Card, Check (ACH), EBT, Gift Card and Fraud Protection transactions. Cardknox is a developer-friendly payment system.
 Safe2Pay is a payment platform that enables direct bank payments, credit card payments, debit card payments, and cryptocurrency support. The Safe2Pay API allows developers to access available payment options, cancel payments, and access marketplace accounts. Responses are JSON formatted.
 The Partner Money Transfer services enable you with the ability to leverage the Western Union in-person and account payout network to offer new or expanded existing remittance services. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The Partner Payments services enable you with the ability to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. Western Union provides a way to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This API is used as a Money Transfer Send Money Validation service for Western Union. The Partner Money Transfer services enable you with the ability to leverage the Western Union in-person and account payout network to offer new or expanded existing remittance services. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This API is used as a Money Transfer Cash To Account Store service for Western Union. The Partner Money Transfer services enable you with the ability to leverage the Western Union in-person and account payout network to offer new or expanded existing remittance services. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This API is used as a Money Transfer Cash To Cash Store service for Western Union. The Partner Money Transfer services enable you with the ability to leverage the Western Union in-person and account payout network to offer new or expanded existing remittance services. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This Western Union API is a REST based service with a JSON structured payload for the Mass Payments product that enables you with the ability to process up to 10,000 payments in a single file upload. It allows you to initiate payments between a Partner and WUBS, submit payments created by a Partner to Western Union Business Solutions, get a requested batch's representation and more. Partners will be issued a PKCS 12 client certificate for authentication purposes. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
western-union-partner-in-person-disbursement didn't extract the description
finn-–-banking-of-things didn't extract the description
 This SIBS Payment Initiation API enables you with the ability to initiate a payment, on your client’s request, using one of the Multibanco payment instruments made available by
the Bank of the Payment Service User through its interfaces. The API provides an interface to access Multibanco Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 Apipay payment solution with all features you need to monetize your API services. Created for recurring payment plans. Built on global blockchain network Ethereum
 SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 The ECommPay Gate API enables merchants to perform all types of payments and operations and retrieve additional information including customer data, refunds, and providers. The API features REST architecture, and JSON responses. ECommPay offers risk management, TLS 1.2 support, multifactor authentication, and DDoS protection.
 The Bold Cashier API retrieves commerce data including orders, payments, and checkouts. Developers can include discounts, price, customer information, shipping, and billing in eCommerce applications. Bold Commerce is an eCommerce expertise and Shopify Plus solutions partner.
 The Bold Store Locator API reveals a merchant's store domain address and postal address in geocoordinates, street address, and distance from user. To enable a custom Store Locator API, developers can install the Store Locator app and request access to the Bold's Merchant Success team. Bold Commerce is an eCommerce expertise and Shopify Plus solutions partner.
 The Bold Subscriptions API enables users to interact with a merchant's customer portal data to view, modify, and cancel existing subscriptions. To access the page, users must already be authenticated via the Shopify store. Bold Commerce is an eCommerce expertise and Shopify Plus solutions partner.
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment from a client's request, using one of the payment instruments made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User. This API provides an interface to access PSD2 Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. It allows you to request the creation of a payment initiation, update user data, Get payment requests and more. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment using one of the payment products made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User. It allows you to access a payment initiation request, update PSU data, request properties of a payment initiation and more. This API provides an interface to access Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 The AuthVia API retrieves text payment features, aiming to complete purchases over a mobile phone. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return. AuthVia is a service to make payments via a simple text message.
 The BigCommerce Payments API allows application developers to access Payments endpoints that integrate services to process payments. The Payments API enables you to process payments through the store’s connected payment gateway. BigCommerce is a platform for businesses to access online ecommerce services used to power online stores.
 The Crowdz API retrieves business payments data, aiming to eliminate invoice use. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return. Crowdz is a business payment and invoicing platform. This service is built on an Ethereum blockchain-based platform.
 The FedaPay API retrieves mobile payment data including checkout, transactions, refunds, payment requests, payouts, currencies, and payment methods. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return. FedaPay is a payments service headquartered in Republic of Benin, West Africa.
 The Checkout.com Webhooks API adds event-based notifications. This API includes filterable logs, retry mechanisms, and views. Checkout.com is a platform used to process and manage payments. Checkout.com supports over 150 currencies.
 BeGateway is a white label payment gateway with automated administration, and fast merchant onboarding. The BeGateway API can be utilized to access payments, credits, refunds, chargebacks, and card Tokenization. BeGateway is PCI DSS level 1 compliant.
 The UniversalPay API enables payment management and transaction support in approved third-party applications. The API features REST architecture, and returns JSON formatted responses. UniversalPay supports retail payments, eCommerce integrations, and mobile payments. UniversalPay is a Spanish provider of specialized payment solutions.
 The Modern Treasury API enables ACH, wire, check, and RTP transactions in applications. Requests and responses are JSON formatted. The API can be used to manage payment orders, line items, counterparties, bank accounts, routing details, and addresses. Modern Treasury does not touch money directly; the API hooks into their clients' bank accounts, enabling them to move money and read activity.
To learn more about Modern Treasury, visit https://moderntreasury.com.
 This Western Union Money Transfer service allows you to connect to the Western Union in-person and account payout network for remittance services. It provides a way to return service options and corresponding fee estimates, validate a Money Transfer transaction, create a Money Transfer transaction and more. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 This Western Union Partner Payments API allows users to collect funds from and disburse funds to customers. It provides a way to create an ‘order’ within Western Union, and to be notified once the order has been completed. The Partnership APIs are REST services to create a Western Union order and make it available for fulfillment, return the current status of a previously created order and more. Western Union enables you with the ability to send money to over 200 countries and territories via the mobile application, online or agent locations.
 The ONE INC API retrieves payment data for insurance solutions, with features for premium services, security and compliance, digital engagement, reporting, and ClaimsPay®. Methods are available for credit card data, transactions, and ETF. Developers can use a token to authenticate the API and make calls that support JSON and XML formats in return. ONE INC provides payment services for insurance companies.
 The Fidel API retrieves global payment data in real-time. With the API, developers can implement cards, offers, locations, and transactions into applications. They can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return.
 The Coinpush API enables users to accept cryptocurrency payments. Coinpush provides a free API that's easy to get started with. It enables the integration of: Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin payments into your businesses or web applications.
 The ParaSwap API allows applications and traders to access liquidity, price feeds, instant swaps, and payments. The API operates as a decentralized exchange hub, obtaining the nest price to building a transaction payload.
 BPAY offers Australians fast, secure and trusted bill payments. We make it easy to pay bills of over 45,000 businesses anytime directly through the internet, mobile or phone banking of over 150 Financial Institutions in Australia.
Generate BPAY CRN is a set of APIs that can generate Customer Reference Numbers (including iCRNs) for a specific Biller Code that would meet the requirements of the Biller's selected check digit rules and validation routine(s) in BPAY’s Biller File. A QR Code may also be provided in the response for Billers or their Service Providers to include on their Bills or payment instruction notices.
The CRN is a unique number allocated to a customer’s invoice that identifies both the customer and the account to be paid.
Terms and Conditions apply. We may request further information in connection with your application. You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs.
 BPAY offers Australians fast, secure and trusted bill payments. We make it easy to pay bills of over 45,000 businesses anytime directly through the internet, mobile or phone banking of over 150 Financial Institutions in Australia.
This API service validates a set of one or more BPAY payment data records to ensure the payment is valid and that the payment will be accepted when it is submitted to the bank for processing.
Terms and Conditions apply. We may request further information in connection with your application. You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs.
 BPAY offers Australians fast, secure and trusted bill payments. We make it easy to pay bills of over 45,000 businesses anytime directly through the internet, mobile or phone banking of over 150 Financial Institutions in Australia.
This API service validates a set of supplied payments and creates a BPAY Batch File in the CBA, NAB, WBC, Macquarie Bank and Bankwest file formats. The file can then be submitted to that bank for processing BPAY payments.
Terms and Conditions apply. We may request further information in connection with your application. You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs.
 BPAY offers Australians fast, secure and trusted bill payments. We make it easy to pay bills of over 45,000 businesses anytime directly through the internet, mobile or phone banking of over 150 Financial Institutions in Australia.
This API service provides you and your customers the ability to validate biller codes included in BPAY Payments before the payments are submitted to the bank for processing. This API service retrieves BPAY Billers Short Name, BPAY Biller Long Name, Industry (ANZSIC) Code, Variable Customer Reference Number Indicator, Valid Length(s) of Customer Reference Number and Accepted Payment Methods for a supplied Biller Code.
Terms and Conditions apply. We may request further information in connection with your application. You may be required to complete API Certification before we provide you access to the Production APIs.
 Remita enables developers to integrate payment capabilities with applications. This platform can be utilized to pay invoices, receive payments, implement payroll for businesses, buy airtime/data, and more. Remita requires API Keys for authentication. Remita is a payment platform for applications and websites.
 The Instamojo Marketplace API allows applications to facilitate merchant payments. It provides a way to debit your commission from a merchant, collect commissions, receive a certain commission, automatically transfer funds and more. The API gives aggregators the ability to access a certain commission for each product sold on the platform, with the commission split automatically within the marketplace service. The Marketplace API is available to select customers and developers should contact the provider for more information. Instamojo is a payment gateway solution for 1,000,000 plus MSMEs to start, manage and grow digitally.
 The Instamojo Webhooks API allows you to receive notifications when an Instamojo event occurs. The Webhook URL accepts a POST request from Instamojo that will inform the merchant about successful or failed transactions using a server side call. Instamojo will POST the transaction details to the Webhook URL that is specified. Instamojo is a payment gateway solution for 1,000,000 plus MSMEs to start, manage and grow digitally.
 The SmartPayables API integrates back-office systems with bank accounts, documents, payments, and accounts data. Developers can use HTTP POSTS requests to receive JSON and XML responses in return. SmartPayables provides outsource payment processing, check writing, document printing & mailing services.
 The Instamojo payments API provides a way to integrate payments services on any website with any stack. It allows you to utilize request URLs to accept payments that includes; Create a Request, List of Requests, Get Payment Request Details, Get Payment Details and more. Instamojo is a payment gateway solution for 1,000,000 plus MSMEs to start, manage and grow digitally.
solutions-by-text didn't extract the description
 The Paychex API returns payroll data for human resources managers. Information to display includes companies, locations, jobs, workers, assignments, and pay periods. Paychex provides payroll services.
 The ICEPAY SOAP API can process payments, transactions, and checkouts using XML format. The checkout web service targets online games, auction websites, and eCommerce stores.
 The EtherAPI interacts with the Ethereum blockchain-network including ETH and ERC-20 tokens. With the API, developers can accept payments, track fixed payments, send funds to any addresses, receive instant payment notification, and manage transactions via cabinet.
 The Braintree Visa Checkout API is a digital wallet from Visa that allows customers to use a single sign-in to make purchases on the web, iOS and Android. Braintree SDKs enable you to accept Visa Checkout with other accepted payment methods. This API is indirect access to this service and is in a limited release to eligible merchants. Braintree provides services for the collection of credit card and PayPal payments programmatically.
square-point-of-sale didn't extract the description
 The Braintree Grant API allows Braintree merchants to provide other Braintree merchants with controlled access to a customer's payment methods. This includes; credit cards, debit cards, and PayPal Channel Initiated Billing Agreements. Braintree provides services for the collection of credit card and PayPal payments programmatically. This API is indirect access to this service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. The Braintree Grant API is currently in a limited release, developers will need to contact Braintree to request access.
 The Grant Webhooks API enables the grantor with the ability to manage the notifications they receive by configuring Webhooks with Braintree. This API is indirect access to this service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. This Braintree Grant API is currently in a limited release, developers will need to contact Braintree to request access. The Grant API allows Braintree merchants to provide other Braintree merchants with controlled access to a customer's payment methods. Braintree provides services for the collection of credit card and PayPal payments programmatically.
 The Revenue Monster Open API enables developers to manage payments, stores, loyalty, and users. The API features REST architecture, Token-based authentication, and JSON-formatted responses. Revenue Monster is a payment gateway that combines mobile payments, loyalty programs, and social media in one platform.
 The Stronghold Libra API supports HTTP and JSON formats to connect to the Blockchain test net. Users may create wallets and make Libra coin payments. Enterprise customers can deploy custom 'Move' language modules to develop Libra smart contracts before the protocol’s proposed 2020 release. No blockchain-specific skills are necessary to use Stronghold Libra.
 This Fire Webhooks API allows you to be notified of events in real time for fire.com accounts. This includes notifications for payments, withdrawals and more. Fire Financial Services is business and personal digital accounts that are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
 The fire.com TPP service provides an Open Banking dedicated API for Trans-Pacific Partnerships (TPP) to access Fire.com personal and business accounts. Fire Financial Services is business and personal digital accounts that are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
 The Square Checkout API is a prebuilt solution for taking payments with a secure payment form hosted by Square. Square Checkout API supports online payments with next business day deposits, PCI-compliant payments, and SSL support. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers.
 This Square API provides a way to use OAuth to securely manage permissions and access to Square merchant accounts. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 Checkout.com is a platform used to process and manage payments. This platform supports more than 25 payment methods, and over 150 currencies. The Checkout.com API is a REST interface that functions as a payment gateway. The API uses JSON for requests and responses. The Checkout.com API supports AutoCapture, 3-D Secure payments, smart routing to acquirers, and more.
 The Square Mobile Authorization API enables authorization tokens to initialize Square mobile. The Mobile Authorization API accepts an account credential such as OAuth token or Personal Access Token and location ID. It returns an authorization code that custom mobile applications initialize Square mobile solutions. This is indirect access to this service. Please refer to the corresponding Square Reader SDK below. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Labor API provides a way to integrate Square Point of Sale timekeeping with applications for labor cost reporting, payroll, and overtime management. It allows you to integrate a time-clock application with a Square account. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Transactions API provides a way to authorize and capture online payments, link payments with orders for itemized transactions, and link transactions to customer profiles for recurring payments. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
square-in-app-payments-mobile didn't extract the description
 The Square Orders API provides a way to capture itemized details about purchases and link those details to payment information, including taxation. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The PayPal Vault API allows you to securely store customer credit cards in the PayPal vault rather than on a server. It provides a way to store a customer credit card, and then returns the ID of the vaulted card. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 This PayPal Invoicing API provides access to create, send, and manage invoices. It allows you to; accept credit and debit cards, PayPal, and PayPal Credit, create and send invoices, payment reminders and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Square Catalog API provides management capabilities for catalogs. It includes bulk endpoints help reduce the number of API calls required for catalog management, and pagination of large result sets to reduce server load, and more. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Locations API provides location data for Square accounts including location IDs, addresses, and business name. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Employees API provides a way to get information on all the employees for a single merchant account. Use it to retrieve employee IDs, a paged list of active employees, and more. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Webhooks API provides real-time notifications with Connect API events or Point of Sale payments. The Square Webhook integration includes services for events, subscriptions and notifications. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Inventory API allows you to manage inventory counts and integrate with 3rd party tracking software, to accept inventory adjustments and physical counts for quantities of item variations and transitions, and those quantities to the relevant inventory state. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Inventory Webhooks API allows you to build real-time notifications for all relevant inventory items and events. It sends a notification when the quantity is updated for a catalog item variation. The Inventory API provides a way to manage inventory counts and integrate with 3rd party tracking software, to accept inventory adjustments and physical counts for quantities of item variations and transitions. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 Ordermentum is a service for wholesale suppliers that facilitates ordering, payment management, and business performance knowledge through insights. The Ordermentum API provides indirect access to Javascript and Swift SDKs for application creation. Ordermentum is focused on the food and beverage industry, enabling order automation, scheduling, and custom pricing.
 The PineLabs Payment Gateway provides access to payment services that includes multi-acquiring, Brand EMI, Scheme validation and others. It allows you to integrate with PineLabs Payment Gateway to receive payments from customers via card, net banking, wallets, UPI and more. PineLabs is a merchant platform company that provides financing and last-mile retail transaction technology to merchants in 3700 cities and towns across India and Malaysia.
 The Al Baraka API allows you to utilize services for accounts, payments, investment products, credit cards, and others. The API requires authorization using the OAuth2 protocol via Token. This includes access to Accounts, Money Transfers, Loans, Financing and more. Al Baraka operates funds in trade and industrial finance that serves individual finance, corporate finance, leasing, and project-based profit-loss partnerships.
Al Baraka Islamic Bank provides regional banking, financial products, and services in the Persian Gulf, Middle East, and North Africa, and shares the interest-free profit with customers.
 The PAYCOMET API can access payment processing data to implement into mobile and web applications. With PAYCOMET, available in Spanish for markets in Europe, developers can integrate bank information, payment modules, and follow up purchases.
 This Visa Webhooks API provides a way for consumers to subscribe to Visa Next events. Visa Next supports banks and digital wallets and this API enables apps to configure, provision, and issue a payment credential for any type of account and push it directly to any connected device, plus more.
 Tatum Middleware is a client to the Tatum Blockchain API Core. It provides a way to send Ethereum and Bitcoin payments, and access settings endpoints, customer endpoints, account endpoints and others. It allows you to create a new account for the customer, get an account by ID, get a balance for an account and more. Authentication to access these services requires an API Key. Tatum supports technology that enables developers with the ability to utilize blockchain services.
 The Acquired API provides merchants with security capabilities and the ability to integrate directly into the Acquired platform. You will need a merchant company ID and password to authenticate to the Acquired API. Acquired.com provides payment technologies to support businesses in the payment lifecycle.
 This eBay Sell API is used to retrieve seller payouts and monetary transaction details related to eBay payouts. It is used by sellers in eBay's Managed Payments program to retrieve seller payout information. A payout is distributed to the seller's bank account shortly after the buyer's payment for an order clears. The data is similar to the data available under the Payments tab of the Seller Hub in "My eBay". eBay manages the payments process, for the available payment methods, and for distributed payouts directly to the seller's preferred bank account, the ability to retrieve details on a specific payout and more. eBay is an online marketplace.
 This Visa Next Platform API enables developers to create, manage, and build new services with Visa cards. The Visa Next platform allows you to create and manage virtual and physical cards, manage card controls and exposes Instances and Collections interfaces that are; instantiations of a single object or entity, and multiple instances of an entity that can be returned by a REST call. Sample code is available for cURL, Ruby, Python, NodeJS and Java. This API requires that you contact VISA for more information regarding access, as it is in beta and participation is available by invitation only. Visa Next supports banks and digital wallets with the ability to; configure, provision, and issue a payment credential for any type of account and push it directly to any connected device, access the Visa platform to utilize Visa's current and future real-time API services when combined with instant-issuance capabilities, provides digital-ready processing from a network of participating global partners and more.
 This PayPal Identity API provides allows users to sign into a website using PayPal login credentials. This service enables PayPal credential login, or linking a PayPal account to your website or app to share basic information. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
fabrick-banca-sella-split-payments-for-marketplaces didn't extract the description
 This PayPal Webhooks API provides access to PayPal event notifications. Webhooks are HTTP callbacks that receive notification messages for events that listen at a specific URL for incoming HTTP POST notification messages that are triggered when an event happens. PayPal then signs each notification message that it delivers to your webhook listener. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Monetha API returns JSON data associated with profiles, events, deals, and users. Monetha is a transparent and censorship resistant reputation platform which securely stores relevant information about a potential buyer before initiating a transaction. Monetha can be used on any website or service, is cross-platform, and offers public and verifiable interactions.
 The Monetha Webhooks API creates in-app notifications for integrated payment gateways. This API supports JSON for requests and responses. Monetha is a transparent and censorship resistant reputation platform which securely stores relevant information about a potential buyer before initiating a transaction. Monetha can be used on any website or service, is cross-platform, and offers public and verifiable interactions.
 PayPal Checkout with Smart Payment Buttons provides secure checkout experience that automatically offers relevant payment types to shoppers to complete purchases using Pay with Venmo, PayPal Credit, Credit Card payments, and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 This PayPal Payouts API provides access to integrate payment functionalities to send payouts programmatically from within your application. It allows you to; send commissions, rebates, rewards, and general disbursements, send money to multiple people at the same time, show details for a payout item and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 This PayPal Catalog Products API provides access to create products, ie; for Merchants goods and services. It allows you to create products, list products, update a product and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Intuit QuickBooks Online Payroll GraphQL allows third-party time tracking and benefits providers to connect directly to QuickBooks Online. It provides a way to provision deductions, benefits, pensions, sync employee contributions and sync time by Payroll items and more. It includes features for Benefits Tracking, Time Tracking and others. Intuit delivers services like TurboTax, QuickBooks, and Mint that supports platform APIs to build applications for small business accounting ecosystems.
 This PayPal Receipts API provides access to integrate payment functionalities within your applications. This service enables you with the ability to obtain the EMV compliant information to include on your receipts provided to the customer. This includes examples that are available for cURL, PHP and Java. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 This PayPal Subscriptions API provides access to create subscriptions that process recurring PayPal payments for physical or digital goods, or services. It allows you to create a plan, list plans update a subscription, and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Bitfly API provides cryptocurrency Ethereum mining pool data. Developers can make 100 requests every 15 minutes. Endpoints are CORS.
 This Fabrick Payments PagoPA API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search payments on the PagoPA circuit. This includes the ability to; create a PagoPA payment order, retrieve a list of PagoPA orders, retrieve the details of a specific PagoPA order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments Postal Forms API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search payments of postal forms. This includes the ability to create a postal form payment order, retrieve a list of postal form orders, retrieve the details of a specific postal form order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments Money Transfers API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search money transfers. This includes the ability to create a SCT payment order, retrieve the details of a specific SCT order, Search SCT orders on a specific account and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments F24 API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search F24 payments. This includes the ability to create a new F24-Simple order, retrieve an existing F24-Simple order, delete a booked F24-Simple order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments CBILL API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search payments on the CBILL circuit. This includes the ability to create a CBILL payment order, retrieve a list of all CBILL orders on a specific account, cancel a previously booked CBILL order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Credit Debit Card Management API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to manage credit and debit payment cards. This includes the ability to retrieve all the cards, retrieve the details of a specific card, retrieve the balance of a credit card and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Cash Account Utils API is a Banca Sella service that provides utility endpoints for cash account management. This includes the ability to check if the execution date/time is valid for a new SCT Order, retrieve a list of valid execution dates of a new SCT Order and more. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments Postal SCT-Inst API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute and search SCT-Inst money transfers. This includes the ability to create a SCT-Inst payment order, retrieve the details of a specific SCT-Inst order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payments API is a Axerve service that provides the APIs for eCommerce payments management to Creates a new payment, Retrieves an existing payment, Charge an authorized payment and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Payments SDD SEPA Direct Debit JSON API is a Fabrick service to manage the collection of SDD payments in JSON format. This includes the ability to; create a new mandate, create a new payment order based on an existing mandate, retrieve an existing payment and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Factoring Payments Collection API is a Fabrick service to enable the automatic payment collection and reconciliation for factors. This includes the ability to; retrieve a list of creditors, create a new expected transaction, search for existing payment transactions and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 The Payments SDD SEPA Direct Debit XML API is a Fabrick service to manage the collection of SDD payments in legacy XML format. Methods are available for Searches for existing payments, retrieve an existing payment and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payment Page API is a Axerve service that enables users to retrieve the available payment provider list for a specified payment, retrieve the details of a specific payment provider and more. The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API.
 The Finastra Payment Search API retrieves a list of payment requests that were received. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 This PayPal Payments API provides access to payment services for PayPal. It allows you to authorize payments, capture authorized payments, refund payments that have already been captured, and show payment information. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The PayPal Orders API provides a way to access PayPal services for orders to; create, update, authorize, save and more. The PayPal API enables you with the ability to access various features of the PayPal platform. This includes; invoice management, transaction processing, account management and more. PayPal offers ecommerce and online payment solutions for millions of customers globally.
 The Finastra Real Time Payment Initiation API creates credit transfer payments in real time. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
bank-of-ireland-payment-initiation-service-provider didn't extract the description
 The Finastra Payment Request API retrieves a status report of a previously submitted payment request. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Payment Request Pay Now Pay Later Reject API retrieves JSON data to reject a payment, pay now, pay later, and obtain the full status of a payment. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Transaction Enquiries API retrieves the user audit history on the particular transaction. Authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that display JSON format in return. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Allied Irish Bank Payments API enables users to initiate payments from a customer's account with methods for payment resource, payment instruction for processing, and more. It supports 0Auth 2.0 to grant access to third party service providers to initiate payments. This API uses the Open Banking Gateway to access banking data and to ensure that the banks and building societies deliver a common specification of financial APIs.
 The Finastra FX Rates API converts the given amount for the pair of currencies. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that receive JSON response in return. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Receivables Check Inquiry API retrieves images associated with a check. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that return JSON formats. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Sweep Trigger is available on demand, by simulation, by transfer, and by adjustment to initiate payments. Authentication is required with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Payment Request Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates, rejects, and accepts a payment request. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra International Payment Initiation API initiates a new international payment. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Rabobank Payment Initiation API allows transactions to be initiated for the PSD2 Payment Initiation Service. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Rabobank Payment Request API provides the ability for Third Parties to create and manage payment requests for domestic Rabobank accounts. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Finastra Sweep Inquiry Agreements API gets sweep hybrid agreement details. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls in JSON format. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Sweep Inquiry Execution API gets all sweep execution results for a given client. JSON formats are available to make calls to the API. Authentication required with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Static Data API fetches a list of all countries available to process payments. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Corporate Profile API returns JSON data with the details of a corporate bank. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Openbucks API provides a way to retrieve payment data and process payments for Openbucks, an online payment service. Use it to enable transactions, retrieve a list of gift cards, get transaction details. It supports data formats for XML or JSON that uses an HTTP POST request. The Openbucks payment service enables you to redirect the user to the Openbucks hosted checkout flow, to collect the payment information from the user and redeem the funds. Openbucks is a safe and convenient alternative to credit cards for online payments.
 The Afterpay API returns payment configuration data in JSON format. With the API, developers can implement amounts, orders, payment ranges, and models. Developers can authenticate with an API Key. Afterpay is a service for buying retail goods on credit in four equal, interest-free installments.
 The Finastra Capture Check API adds a check and image data to a deposit. It also adds multiple checks details with summary deposit information and with image data. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Liquidity Client Information API gets liquidity product features assigned to a client by Client ID and product type as Sweep or Notional Pooling. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Collateral API returns data to secure loans, calculate creditworthiness, and predict the risk associated with a loan. The calls return current values and types of collateral a lender has in their system. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Corporate Payment Initiation API initiates a payment request between corporate accounts. Users can transfer funds inside and outside the financial institution. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The MySchoolBucks API is used for payment processing via the MySchoolBucks.com cart checkout. The MSB Pay API is an ecommerce tool that enables credit card and checking account payment processing online. It allows connections to MySchoolBucks using a RESTful web service that requires a valid developer ID and authentication key to access. The API provides tools to integrate with parent billing accounts registered with MySchoolBucks to send shopping cart contents to a checkout. MySchoolBucks provides school payments services to pay for meals and other items, anytime, anywhere from your computer or smartphone.
 The Finastra Accounts and Balances API retrieves a summary of accounts, balances, details, and statements for the authenticated user. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Person to Person Payments API retrieves extended details for a Person-to-Person Payment (Fusion DPXPay). Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Retail Banking Payments API transfers funds between accounts. Developers can authenticate with OAuth to make calls that display JSON format in return. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Remote Deposit Capture API returns JSON data with eligible check deposit accounts for a consumer.
finastra-payment-request-for-a-customer didn't extract the description
 The TransferMate Payments API is a REST service that accepts standard HTTP commands and returns JSON responses for banking and payment transactions. The API includes predefined domain-specific endpoints for banks, beneficiaries etc. This API requires you to verify your identity via OAuth and Token authentication. Methods are available to Lock in a real-time exchange rate, Make a payment to a TransferMate account in your country, Obtain and book a payment with a currency rate, Authorize or cancel payments, Add payer and payee beneficiary bank accounts and more. TransferMate provides an end-to-end international payments solution to improve cross-border business payments.
 The IPQualityScore Proxy Detection API returns JSON and XML formats with proxy and VPN detection data. With the API, developers can implement fraud detection services, IP reputation, bot detection, geo-filtering, and lead generation features into applications. IPQualityScore provides anti-fraud solutions via IP lookup, email verification, click fraud protection, proxy VPN detection and more.
 The flydubai Payment API provides the capability to process payments for flights, and includes methods for Invoice Payment Agency Credit and a Credit Card using the flydubai Payment Gateway. It enables you with the ability to create a session in CPG to be used while calling the pay service or make a payment. flydubai REST APIs allow users to access travel services for reservations, check in, etc., to create booking applications. flydubai is an airline that serves 90 destinations within a five-hour flying distance from Dubai.
 Apto Payments is the new name of Shift, a service that transfers money by generating Visa cards, targeting B2B. While Apto Payments is nearly ready, developers can save Shift API documentation for future reference that includes a REST architecture and JSON formats. For additional development information, contact support@shiftpayments.com
 The Splash Payments API returns payment data indirectly in JavaScript and it provides PHP, .NET, and Ruby as additional languages to interact with the interface. Developers can integrate one-time payments, recurring transaction, and refunds.
 The WeChat Logistics API allows developers to access logistic capabilities of WeChat and integrate with third party systesms. This includes user information, local storage, payment functions and others. WeChat connects billions of people with calls, chats and more.
 The accept.blue API provides programmatic access to accept.blue's payment gateway. This gateway can authorize a variety of payment types, including all major credit cards, signature debit cards, e-Checks, and ACH payments. accept.blue also provides a complete invoicing suite. Developers can register for API and documentation access.
 The Secuconnect API is a REST interface that enables payment and loyalty management in third-party applications. The API offers JSON responses associated with merchant data, loyalty cards, and customer information. API Keys are required for authentication. Secuconnect provides a service to securely access data of your payers.
 The IntegraPay REST API enables developers to programmatically interact with online payment services. Methods are available for BPAY, Invoices, Card Bin Search, Payers, Reports, Transactions and much more.
IntegraPay provides payment solutions for your business. Customized solutions for every business size, from one-off payments to complex recurring payments. We will tailor a solution that works for your business. Talk to an IntegraPay Payment Solutions Expert about your payment processing needs.
IntegraPay aims to make it easy for one to expand one's business's capabilities with services such as transaction processing and reporting, payer record management and payment scheduling. You'll soon be able to accept one-off and recurring payments from credit/debit cards and bank debits, plus BPAY in Australia, and ACH in the USA.
 Sila provides a payments API for KYC, Bank Account, and ACH Transfers. The Sila API provides endpoints for creating and managing payment and other financial technology applications including check handles, register, check KYC, link account, get accounts, issue, transfer, redeem, get transactions and more. Sila is powered by blockchain technology.
 The Fortellis Calculate Payments API enables applications to calculate automotive finance payments and/or lease payments of a vehicle. Developers can authenticate with an API Key and OAuth2. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform.
 The Bancor Converters API returns tokens data listed on the Bancor Network. Each token contains currency ID and public data to convert on the blockchain. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON responses in return. Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets.
 The Bancor EOS Volume API returns 24 hours of volume statistics on the Bancor Network. The API supports public API methods that send HTTP GET requests and return JSON format. Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets.
 The Bancor Price Ticker API returns currency data including names, symbols, codes, decimals, price 24h high, price 24h low, price, price 24h, volume 24h, and total supply. Developers can authenticate with API Keys to make calls that display JSON responses. Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets.
 The Bancor Available Pairs API displays pairs of convertible currencies in the Bancor network, using HTTP requests with JSON formats in return. Bancor API is currently in Alpha stage.
Bancor is a digital crypto wallet service that provides continuous on-chain liquidity between blockchain-based assets.
 The Fortellis My Kaarma Payment API returns data to access the status of a previously submitted payment request. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 and API Key. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform.
 The Fortellis Deal Creation Quote API returns dealership price including fees, rebates, taxes, and a schedule of payment amounts. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform.
 The Fortellis ePayments API returns data to make ePayments with payment ID, department, and subscriptions. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 and API Key. Fortellis is an Automotive Commerce Exchange platform.
 The MasterCom API offers Mastercard customers the ability to create and manage dispute claims in MasterCom. MasterCom is a system for dispute management. All activities for any given dispute can be tracked within a single claim using MasterCom, including Retrieval Request and Fulfillment, First Chargeback, Second Presentment, Arbitration Chargeback, Case Filing, and Fee Collection requests.
 The Dash Retail Rates API provides real-time market data for Dash/Fiat currency pairs by aggregating prices across numerous rate sources. To obtain access for the this service, it is required that you apply for an API Key. Dash is digital cash with instant transactions and micro-fees, available anytime, anywhere.
 PayIBAN offers a way to implement direct debit e-mandates in applications. PayIBAN API is a REST interface that enables mandate, status, amendment, and cancellation requests. The API responds in XML format. PayIBAN is an eBanking firm based in the Netherlands.
 The Iris CRM API in REST architecture displays JSON formats that return customer relationship management, merchants, leads, subscriptions, and payment features. Developers can authenticate with an API Key. Iris CRM provides merchant services CRM for clients in the payments industry.
 Paynow is a Zimbabwe based online payment platform. Paynow offers no setup costs, fraud prevention system, and integrated mediation. The Paynow API supports transaction management, mobile transactions, and status updates. The API has a REST architecture with API Key authentication.
 The BlockChyp API adds point-of-sale payment processing powered by blockchain. The REST API enables terminal transactions. Terminals must be activated beforehand by login to the BlockChyp dashboard. The API requires JSON for requests/responses, and uses API Keys, Bearer Tokens, and Signing Keys for authentication.
 The Finix Push Payments API provides real-time, rule-based underwriting for merchant accounts. Use the API to customize workflows, do velocity checks, and more. You are required to authenticate requests via HTTP basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. This API works with Visa Direct and MasterCard Send to disburse funds to most debit cards in 30 mins or less. Finix's Push Payout Platform's end-to-end solution, enables banks, acquirers and PSPs to offer Push Payouts to its customers. Finix provides payment data analytics platform tools and services to integrate centralized management of payments, and consolidate data to discover payment specific business insights.
 This Finix API provides programatic access to payment services for authorization, fetching an identity, listing merchants, creating payment cards, fetching a bank account, and more. You are required to authenticate requests via http basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. This Payment API supports JSON formatted data and utilizes POST and GET HTTP Requests. Finix provides payment data analytics platform tools and services to integrate centralized management of payments, and consolidate data to discover payment specific business insights.
 The Finix Payment Webhooks API allows allows subscribed users to receive automated notifications and events about Finix payments. It pushes notifications to a configured URL endpoint when an event is triggered, via HTTP POST payload. This includes services to; Create a Webhook, Update Webhook, Fetch a Webhook and more. You are required to authenticate requests via http basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. Finix provides payment data analytics platform tools and services to integrate centralized management of payments, and consolidate data to discover payment specific business insights.
 The Cross River Payment API provides Banking-as-a-Service access for managing identities, payment instruments, tokens, creating a payment card, listing payouts and more. Authenticate requests via HTTP basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. This Payment API supports JSON formatted data and utilizes POST and GET HTTP Requests to collect KYC information for the recipient, fetch a previously created payment Instrument, verify if a payout to a card is successful and more. Cross River provides financial services that merge the expertise of a bank, with the innovation of a technology company, and enables clients to deliver responsible financial solutions.
 The Cross River Payment Webhooks API allows you to build integrations that subscribe to automated notifications and events. It pushes notifications to a configured URL endpoint when an event is triggered, via HTTP POST payload. This includes services to; Create a Webhook, Update Webhook, Fetch a Webhook and more. You are required to authenticate requests via http basic authentication with a username and password to access and communicate with the API. Cross River provides financial services that merge the expertise of a bank, with the innovation of a technology company, and enables clients to deliver responsible financial solutions.
 The Visa Push Payments API returns JSON and XML responses with merchant's credit card information related to goods and services. The API helps to display a user's financial info when he makes face-to-face or remote e-commerce payments.
 This is API access to the Nedbank developer portal to utilize Nedbank's payment functionalities to move funds, send money and receive money. All Nedbank developer APIs use OAuth 2.0 for authentication and authorization, and requires that you sign up for a subscription. Nedbank provides services that allows you to see money differently and learn how money well managed can make a real difference.
 The Braintree Webhooks API provides automated notifications for an event that has occurred in your gateway, that pushes information to a place designated by you. Braintree supports a notification kind that is returned by calling “the kind” on the notification object to reveal what triggered the webhook. This events service enables you with the ability to subscribe to webhooks for; Subscription status changes, Disbursements to your account, Disputes on transactions, Account Updater, Braintree Auth and more. Braintree creates global commerce tools to build businesses, accept payments, and enable commerce experiences.
 The Basware Network REST API provides a way to interact with a network of over a million businesses and allows you to; deliver and receive business documents, follow the life cycle of business documents by sending and receiving notifications, send and receive files related to business documents and more. Basware enables you with the ability to send and receive invoice data in JSON format. Basware is a Global leader in networked PurchaseToPay, invoicing and innovative financing services, that connects businesses globally.
 The Klarna Open Banking Auth API allows the merchant to retrieve various forms and submit the responses. It provides a way to handle the consumer's state and input, with the associated XS2A Form retrieved when the consumers input is needed and the response to the form sent to the API. When using a white label integration, the Auth API is called from the merchant, but in most cases this API is accessed by the Klarna Open Banking XS2A Application. Requests are supported for GET/POST and returns JSON formatted data. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Open Banking API is a server side service that offers endpoints for the merchant to initiate and control transfer and data access procedures. It is a single API that connects you to banks in European markets, that provides Account information and Payment initiation. This API is authenticated using the OAuth2 authorization system, and exposes endpoints for session and flow management. Requests are supported for PUT, DELETE, GET and POST and returns JSON formatted data. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Cardknox API integrates payments into online, mobile, and in-store applications. It uses the same URL for sandbox and live accounts and it requires xKey to authenticate. The API supports Credit Card, Check (ACH), EBT, Gift Card and Fraud Protection transactions. Cardknox is a developer-friendly payment system.
 The Braintree GraphQL API provides a way to charge payment methods, reverse and refund transactions, vault payment methods, look up transactions and more. This API is currently in Beta and supports basic server-side transaction processing. Braintree creates global commerce tools to build businesses, accept payments, and enable commerce experiences.
 This Payroll API is a RESTful service that provides programmatic access to Staffology for performing Payroll functions in the United Kingdom. The API supports JSON formats for POST/GET/PUT/DELETE requests and responses that includes; Account, AttachmentOrder, AutoEnrolment, Billing and more. Staffology is a web payroll application designed for the United Kingdom.
 The ING Open Banking Payment Initiation API provides secure access to all European ING online accessible payment accounts, to create a payment initiation. ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data. It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution, with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world.
 The ING Open Banking Showcase API exposes operations on the Open Banking Platform. It shows the functionality of the platform in action on the marketplace and is accessible to internal and external applications. ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data. It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution, with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world.
 The Tink Enterprise API returns banking data in JSON format including providers, credentials, transactions, statistics, transfers, and account aggregations. Authenticate with OAuth2 and use REST standards with the Tink Enterprise in REST architecture. Developers can integrate with Tink and gain access to Nordic banks and financial institutions.
 The Tink Connector API returns JSON data from customers' core systems. With the API, developers can integrate accounts and transactions services. The authentication token goes in the HTTP header. Developers can integrate with Tink and gain access to consumers' account data from Nordic banks and financial institutions.
 The Time Doctor API includes JSON and XML formats and Client ID and Client Secret to interact with the API. With the API, developers can track time, monitor applications and websites, and avoid distractions.
Time Doctor provides services for employee time tracking with screenshots.
 The AffiniPay Payment Gateway API in REST architecture processes payments for merchants. With the API, users can move funds between banks using accounts and routing numbers via TLS 1.2 secure data. Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses, including error information.
 LiteGo is a payment gateway with a REST interface designed allow you to accept Bitcoin Lightning Payments on your website at near-zero transaction fees. The API supports retrieving withdrawals, payments, and charges. Responses are delivered as JSON objects. LiteGo charges 0.1% for incoming API payments.
 The AffiniPay Merchant Application API assists in authenticating, signing up, and revoking merchant accounts. Developers can create a new application, deauthorize an OAuth application, include JSON object types, discover messages errors, and configure available Webhooks.
 The AffiniPay Quick Bill API in REST architecture creates contacts and sends Quick Bills as invoices to process online payments. Developers will use the HTTP protocol and OAuth authentication when they work with the Quick Bill API.
 The AffiniPay Authentication API returns JSON data to authorize access to AffiniPay merchant accounts. With the API, developers can request access tokens including client ID, client secret, grant type, scope, and redirect URL, and code as parameters.
 The TrueLayer Payments API is a Restful service that is currently in Beta. It provides a way to initiate a payment transaction for customers to transfer funds directly to your bank account in order to receive money instantly. The Payments API enables you to create and query payment resources, requiring an access token for authorization. You will need to get specific permission assigned in order to make a call to the Payments API. TrueLayer allows applications to connect securely with a customers bank to read their financial data or initiate payments using the Open Banking APIs for all available banks. The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial service products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications.
 The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes; List Clerks, List Merchants, Lookup Customer, Lookup Cart and more. It is a Rest service that requires an API key with content that is returned in JSON format. It is recommended to use your own ‘start of day’ and ‘end of day’ times with all timestamps returned in UNIX time format. PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology, to emerging and under-served markets globally.
 This service offers Webhook functionality for all transaction types for the PayJoy Retail Partner API. To receive webhooks, a URL must be configured in the admin console. The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes; List Clerks, List Merchants, Lookup Customer, Lookup Cart and more. PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology, to emerging and under-served markets globally.
 The PayJoy Lock API is a Rest service that allows you to return information about a device, claim a registered device, update the device expiration and more. This is a PayJoy device locking service for finance partners that have their own registration, checkout, and underwriting process as opposed to the PayJoy checkout and underwriting process. When partners call the Lock API it provides a way to control specific devices; whose changes are propagated from PayJoy servers to the device asynchronously. The API includes anti-fraud techniques such as anti-rooting/jailbreaking and anti-SIM/PN swapping and allows you to; register and take ownership of a device, lock a device at a particular time if payment is not made and permanently unlock a device after it is fully paid. PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology, to emerging and under-served markets globally.
 The Earthport Webhooks API is used to send account-related event notifications to the specified endpoint. This API is useful to alert when deposits are made to an account or when payments are returned. Earthport is a payment processing platform which allows for fast, cheap and transparent cross-border payments. The API uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication. The supported media type is JSON.
 The Apaleo Payment API supports hotels' payments configurations, allowing users to create payment accounts, authorize payments, capture payments, and access payment logs. Swagger documents available. Apaleo is a platform for hotel business operations.
 The Earthport API offers a payment processing platform which allows for fast, cheap and transparent cross-border payments. The API has a REST architecture and offers endpoints used to access balances, quotes, statements, users, and transactions. The API uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication. The supported media type is JSON.
 The Visa Adjustment API returns JSON data with a customer's resource credits to adjust a given payment. It supports Account Funding Transaction Reversal with transactions, account numbers, card expiration date, currency code, amount, and card acceptor as attributes.
 The Bolt REST API returns transaction data in JSON format for eCommerce applications. Developers can implement authorizations, capture, void, checking, credit, fetch, and review. Developers authenticate with token. Bolt provides end-to-end checkout, payments and fraud services.
 The Fire Business Account API returns JSON formats with payment data. Developers can integrate bank accounts, transactions, direct debit, and payment initiation. They can authenticate with token. Fire is a digital payments platform. Fire Financial Services Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland
 The Visa Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry API retrieves payment account data. The API sends requests and returns responses about transfers in JSON or XML format.
 The Happykwik mobile recharge API support covers a wider range of fields from operating system to the manipulation of raw data. It is a total solution for recharge business - Portal design, development, API integration and business promotion. This includes the ability to track all major recharge operator for Mobile, DTH and Data Card. Mobile Recharge API or application programming interface seems to be a technical term, but if you are running a business firm there is a definite need of technology and the compact solution will be brought by an efficient API provider. Being an individual business owner you may have least knowledge of such technical processes and on the other hand without implementing latest technology you will be left behind by your business competitors. Happykwik has brought the solution and your business will find more speed and success having such API support.
 The Visa Merchant Benchmark API processes credit, debit, and gift cards in JSON format, using base64 HTTP as the authentication method. With the API, developers can access Visa's data insights and key analytics through the Visa Developer Platform.
 The Visa Payment Refund API returns JSON data with a canceled sale that the merchant can return to the customer in full or partial amount. Developers can authenticate with base64.
 We are a national, full-service credit reporting agency certified as a re-seller for Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. We offer a suite of automated API’s for industries requiring credit data. With an impressive portfolio of data products and services, we can satisfy the most challenging consumer lending and credit requirements all backed by decades of knowledge and experience in the credit reporting and software industries. Interested developers can contact the provider for a consultation and API and documentation access.
 This API is used for the Klarna European production environment that includes services for; Checkout, Payments, Order Management and more. For further details please refer to the corresponding Klarna US services descriptions. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 This is indirect access to this service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. Klarna Payments provides a way to create a session that offers Klarna's payment methods as part of your checkout. It offers consumers with the ability to try before you buy, finance purchases on your store, or make use of other Klarna payment options. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The PayJoy API returns JSON data with payments, finance orders, partner contracts, amounts, currency, and client data. API Key is required to authenticate. Visit https://www.payjoy.com/about/ to learn more about PayJoy. PayJoy partners with financial institutions and retailers around the world to get customers access to credit. PayJoy is offered globally.
 The Klarna Merchant Card Service API is a Rest service that allows you to settle orders with virtual credit cards. The content type supports JSON and includes Create a new settlement, Retrieve An Existing Settlement and Retrieve A Settled Order's Settlement. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Hosted Payment Page API provides a way to integrate Klarna Payments without hosting the webpage that manages the client side. It is a companion service to Klarna Payments, so you need to integrate the Payments API to create a payment session and then use the Hosted Payment service. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 This is indirect access to this service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Settlements API provides access to payouts and transactions, that are basically two types that include; Collections, and Entity. It allows you to return a summary of payouts for each currency code in a date range, return a collection of transactions and CSV payout reports. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The CardConnect Gateway API returns JSON data to integrate credit, debit, and alternative payments into applications. REST implementation guide is available along with port connection instructions. CardConnect is a payment processing platform.
 The CardConnect Bolt API returns JSON data, aiming to streamline the integration of validated credit card payments. With the API, developers can implement payment acceptance solutions into software systems. CardConnect is a payment processing platform.
 The CardConnect CoPilot API assists in modifying merchants. Endpoints include create and update merchant, owner card pointe, signature status, and create billing plan. CardConnect is a payment processing platform.
 The Klarna Order Management API provides a way to handle an order after the customer has completed the purchase. It allows you to update, capture and refund an order etc. This API enables you to release remaining authorization, extend authorization time, update customer addresses and more. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Payments API provides a way to create a session to offer Klarna's payment methods as part of your checkout. After the purchase is complete, the order should be handled using the Order Management API. The three payment methods that it uses are; Pay now, Pay later and Slice it. It offers consumers with the ability to try before you buy, finance purchases on your store, or make use of other Klarna payment options. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Customer Token API provides a way to charge customers with a tokenized Klarna payment method for recurring purchases, subscriptions and storing the customer payment method. It allows you to generate a customer token call in the payments API. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Checkout REST API is a basic interface for all Klarna client libraries. The checkout API is used to create a checkout with Klarna and update the checkout order during the purchase with JSON default UTF-8 encoding supported. Klarna Checkout is made up of two parts: the checkout page snippet and the confirmation page snippet and allows you to; create a new order, retrieve an order and update an order. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna XML-RPC API provides a way to handle all orders and allows you to integrate them with your system to cancel, activate, update and refund orders. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The Klarna Checkout Callbacks API provides callbacks during the customer's checkout session. It allows you to update the order for address and to validate the order before it is submitted. Callbacks are sent as POST requests to the endpoint you specify when creating the order. Klarna is a global tech bank that provides services for payments and shopping.
 The CardConnect CardSecure API returns JSON and XML data to protect sensitive card information, including encryption and storage. Interfaces available cover HTTPS, Socket, and SAP RFC. CardConnect is a payment processing platform.
 The e-Khalti Payments API allows developers to integrate online payments into their websites and mobile applications. e-Khalti is your e-currency, e-wallet and online payment gateway platform. e-Khalti is a mobile digital wallet for an instant, secure and hassle-free online payments.
 The BDApps Pro SMS API allows developers to send and receive SMS using JSON objects over HTTP. This API can also be used to check the delivery status of sent SMS, receive SMS with a short code, and more.
BDApps is an application development platform that provides Robi network tools for monetization and messaging. BDApps is based in Bangladesh.
 The PayCore Public API is a payment infrastructure-as-a-service that follows the JSON:API specification. Developers can access payment providers, payment methods, currencies, customer information, rate schemes, payment schemes, and more. The API integrates payment providers from around the world into one hub in order to offer different payment options such as credit cards, e-wallets, and bank transfers. The Public API requires API Keys for authentication and requires the use of the JSON:API media type (application/vnd.api+json) for exchanging data.
 The Xero Payroll API exposes payroll related functions of the payroll Xero application and can be used for a variety of purposes such as syncing employee details, importing timesheets etc. It is a RESTful web service that uses the OAuth protocol to authenticate 3rd party applications. Only Xero users with payroll administrator access can authorize access to payroll endpoints. NZ Xero organisations must have concluded the payroll setup steps before the Payroll API can be used. Xero APIs expose accounting and related functions of the main Xero application and includes features for; creating transactions, invoices and credit notes, extracting accounting data etc. Xero provides cloud based accounting software to simplify accounting and bookkeeping processes.
 The StellarExpert Explorer API returns analytics and statistical data for the Stellar Network, accessing information from payments' systems and banks' connections. Stellar is a non-profit open financial platform designed to promote global financial access.
 The AIB Payments Initiation API provides a way to create a payment submission, get a single immediate payment, create a single immediate payment and more. This API uses 0Auth 2.0 to grant access to third party service providers and returns JSON data for payment endpoints that enable you to initiate a single immediate domestic payment from a customer's account. Allied Irish Banks p.l.c. is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland and provides online and location banking services.
 The Cashplus Payment API allows you to initiate single and batch domestic payments in GBP currency. These Restful Payment API endpoints, provide a way to initiate, approve or reject, and submit payments with requests and responses that use a UTF-8 character encoding. This API supports JSON and features the ability to; create a single payment, submit a payment, create a batch payment, approve or reject a payment and more. Cashplus is a digital provider of real-time financial services that are unlike traditional banks.
 The Transbank Onepay API is a Chilean payment processing platform designed to simplify mobile transactions by integrating wallet functionalities. The API supports transaction management, and credential management. This API has a REST architecture, and each request must be authenticated with an API Key. Requests and responses need to be JSON formatted.
 The Mollie Shipment API can be used to ship order lines. The Shipment API returns JSON data, notifying developers when a service was provided or digital content was delivered. Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform.
 The Mollie Subscription API requires API Key and OAuth to make JSON callbacks, offering recurring payments in return. With the API, developers can schedule amounts and intervals to create an endless subscription to charge a monthly fee. A subscription ends when the user decides. Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform.
 The Mollie Invoices API retrieves details of an invoice, using the invoice’s identifier. OAuth access token is required to authenticate. Responses with 200 OK code in JSON format show a successful outcome.
 The Mollie Webhooks API processes payment status updates in real time when a payment is made. Mollie calls a webhook and the developers fetch the latest payment status.
 The PayTraq Point of Sale API is an extension of the REST API, activated from the Money to Cash Accounts and POS Connectors path. Developers can make requests over HTTPS with POST verbs that display XML responses in return. PayTraq provides accounting software for businesses.
 The Bread API returns JSON data and requires API Key to integrate payment options for eCommerce clients. With the API, developers can include a Bread button that allows customers to apply for credit products in a checkout flow, similar to applying for a loan for shopping online. Transaction and cart management also available. Bread helps retailers offer pay-over-time solutions. Bread is part of Cross River Bank, a New Jersey bank.
 The ApusPayments API allows developers to add cryptocurrency transactions within applications. This platform can be integrated with POS systems, EFT systems, and mobile applications. Payments can be received in Bitcoins. The API supports checkouts and cryptocurrency recharges. Requests and responses need to be JSON formatted.
 The Modulr API provides a sandbox to produce a financial integration environment before app release. The API is REST, offers JSON format and token to authenticate. Modulr based in London, is an automatic payout enterprise. The API includes methods for managing payments, rules, accounts, and direct debits.
 The ChargeDesk API returns JSON data with a charge of a billing subscription. Parameters include customer ID, amount, and currency, including the billing support URL to invoices and receipts. A secret key is required to authenticate. ChargeDesk is a payments management service that integrates with Stripe, PayPal, Braintree, Chargify, and others.
 The ChargeDesk Webhooks API creates a new webhooks to access billing notifications. Developers will receive a JSON response with webhook ID in a cURL example featured at https://chargedesk.com/api-docs#webhooks-create ChargeDesk is a payments management service that integrates with Stripe, PayPal, Braintree, Chargify, and others.
 The Stronghold Payments API provides a way to list available payment methods for an account, initiate a payment, retrieve details for a specific payment, stop or cancel an in progress payment and includes; List payment methods, Initiate payment, Get payment and more. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The delion API is organized around REST and has predictable, resource-oriented URLs that uses HTTP response codes to indicate API errors. Delion supports cross-origin resource sharing, allowing you to interact securely with the API from a client-side web application. JSON is returned by all API responses, including errors, although the libraries convert responses to appropriate language-specific objects. Delion provides a REST-API for developers and companies to explore and develop new business models based on IOTA distributed ledger technology.
 The Crypto monitor API provides bots that show savings in cryptocurrencies. The API is used to add, update, find, and delete monitors. Also, the current height of currencies are available for consuming. Currently, Crypto-Savings offers Bitcoin and Ethereum support.
 The Switch Cardsavr service is a card-on-file API that allows you to help cardholders update their new or reissued cards anywhere their payments are made online. Switch provides solutions to make online purchasing simple, by storing information for multiple websites, credit cards, and people. The Switch app collects different types of sensitive information, including: Credit card numbers, Website login and password, Email addresses, Mailing addresses and more. Switch will update this information across numerous websites with a focus on security.
 The Tikkie Fast Checkout API enables online customers to check out without entering details, such as their email and address, every time they make a purchase. Customers can pay with a single click using an online button or a QR code. Payments are made via iDEAL. Tikkie Fast Checkout works for anyone, as long as they're using a Dutch bank to make payments.
 The Bambora API makes payments requests in HTTP format, supported by cURL command-line tool. With Bambora, developers can create a transaction, create a payment profile, and search for a transaction.
 The Dream Payments API provides a programmatic interface for insurers to manage payment recipients and issue digital claims payments. The API allows you to; Integrate digital claims payments directly into your existing claims system, Integrate vendor payments directly into your vendor management system, Pull digital payment data directly into your financial reconciliation processes and more. Developers can create applications to accept payments, anywhere with Dream Payments mobile commerce solutions to process and build a customer payment experience. Dream Payments is a technology company that provides cloud payment solutions to financial institutions and insurance companies, enabling them to provide digital and mobile payment experiences to end customers.
 The Shopify Checkout API allows you to purchase products from a Shopify store programmatically. A checkout in Shopify is the object used to manage a customer’s cart as it transitions to a paid checkout. Some features include calculating taxes, shipping rates, attaching the customer’s information, and finally completing a purchase by submitting a payment. Shopify provides services for merchants, that want to sell online, in-store, or anywhere. It is ecommerce solutions, such as, integrating your service into the Shopify admin, customizing any website, and more.
 The Barzahlen Webhooks API allows real-time integrations with Barzahlen payment processing platform. This API sends an HTTPS request to the specified endpoint when a transaction is paid, canceled or when it expires. Barzahlen is a German payment system that allows users to shop online, select Barzahlen as a payment method, print out a purchase form or receive a purchase form by SMS, then pay in person at a Barzahlen partner store.
 The CloudWalk API allows developers to access all the functionalities of the CloudWalk platform. CloudWalk is a transparent yet secure payment platform. The API enables applications to perform CRUD operations for payments functions.
 The Barclays Consent API allows you to manage the authorization given to Third Party Providers (TPPs) to receive payments or access transaction history from Barclays customer accounts. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Barclays Payment Initiation API allows you to initiate a single and immediate non-mandated funds transfer. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Jenga API provides connections to multiple telcos, mobile wallets, card associations, governments, credit bureaus and banks. It allows you to send money, receive money, check your account balances and statements, open accounts and more. It enables businesses with the ability to accept payments, collect customers payment information, and create charges that includes services for; Create Bill, Query Bill, Query payment and Receive payments. Jenga is a Payment Gateway serviced thru Finserve Africa.
 The Wyre API is a REST service that supports wire transfers, mass international payouts, cryptocurrency wallet management, and virtual banking services for your personal or enterprise needs. It uses HTTPS response codes and returns all error responses in JSON that enables conversions of large volumes between currencies. It provides a way for developers to manage on boarding users compliantly, connecting customers bank accounts, and more. It allows you to convert large volumes between currencies with minimal movement from the market price. Wyre provides a crypto infrastructure for business and teams that want to build payment solutions.
 The Payssion API allows you to integrate your website with Payssion. It allows you to collect payments using payments buttons, to collect payments with a payment link etc. This includes services for Payment Button, Hosted Payment Page, Shopping Cart Plugins, Direct API and more. Payssion is an online payment service provider. we provide a one-stop global payment solution which allows merchants to accept payments worldwide.
 The snabble API integrates retail checkout capabilities with mobile applications. This platform functions as a scanner in order to facilitate checkouts at retail stores. Consumers can use the snabble scanner to scan products and pay at self-checkout terminals. The REST API works as a product for local servers; this interface is used to retrieve shop details, products, orders, and more.
bento-for-business didn't extract the description
 The PayPro API is a simple link between your server and PayPro payment systems that allows you to use PayPro's solutions without visible intervention. The API is used by sellers to call the systems of PayPro to process payments, without the customer noticing anything from PayPro. PayPro provides payment methods for PayPal, Visa, WeChat Pay, MasterCard, iDEAL, AfterPay and more. PayPro is a payment service provider that specializes in processing online payments.
 The Erste Group Basic Payment API provides a listing of the client's payment accounts that are normally available for TPPs with AISP license. This includes services for; Account balance check, Payments, Payments Authorization and more. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Marqeta DiVA API returns payment JSON data after making URI Query String/CRUD requests, authenticating with HTTP basic method in a RESTful architecture. DiVA stands for Data insights, Visualization, and Analytics and it aggregates and curates payment analytic info in the Marqeta platform. Marqeta is a payment card service.
 The Mollie Settlements API returns successful payments data, delivered according to account payout schedule. The info retrieved includes which payments were paid out, when the settlement took place, and what invoice reference was used for it. OAuth is required to authenticate, make GET requests, and receive JSON output in return.
 The Mollie Profiles API automatically creates a profile website to process payments, without using a dashboard to build it manually. Developers can use POST verbs to receive JSON responses in return. Access tokens are required to authenticate.
 The Mollie Organizations API retrieves the currently authenticated organization. OAuth access tokens are required to authenticate, make calls with GET verbs that display JSON responses in return.
 The Mollie Connect API serves as an authentication endpoint, in which merchants log in, and authorize a client app. One example is when a merchant clicks on the Connect with Mollie button, a developer redirects the merchant to the Authorize endpoint.
 The PelicanPay TPP API is Pan-European API Interoperability that enables third party providers with the ability to connect with any ASPSP across Europe, for Payment Initiation and Account Information services. This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format. The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts. PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions, and a financial crime compliance platform for fintechs and third party providers for onboarding and global payments processing.
 The PelicanPay Fintech API is an OpenBanking Hub that enables access to pan-European PSD2 Payment Initiation and Account Information solutions for Fintechs. This allows you to consume Open Banking or PSD2 functionality from several banks in Europe. This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format. The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts. PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions, and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing.
 The PelicanPay Bank API is an integrated API framework to handle requests to ASPSPs from AISPs/PISPs. It provides a suite of dynamic API capabilities for ASPSPs and third party providers for open banking initiatives that features AI and Data analytics powered solutions to monetize your data and more. This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format. The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts. PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions, and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing.
 The Strike API in REST architecture returns bitcoin and cryptocurrency data. Developers can use basic auth, API Key, and HTTP verbs that display JSON objects in return.
 The Revolut Open Banking Webhooks API allows you to receive updates about your account. You can use this API to create a web-hook endpoint to receive a notification that will be posted, via HTTP POST method, to the specified endpoint for the following supported events: Transaction Creation and Transaction State Change. Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics, free money transfers, fee-free travel and more.
 The BillingFox API is a service that developers can add to their own applications, games, or SaaS to enable metered billing pricing and charge customers only for what they use.
BillingFox operates on three core services. Stellar, Stripe and the BillingFox API.
 The Revolut Open Banking API allows you to integrate your Revolut for Business account to automate your business account operations. You can automate all payment processes including: Accounts, Counterparties and Payments. Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics, free money transfers, fee-free travel and more.
 The Nexway Monetize API is a modular and scalable digital commerce Platform. All services are 100% accessible through REST API and SaaS user interface. Implement in one click a digital purchase scenario. Our platform allows you to manage the sales of your digital product (software, video games, mobile apps...) or online services. Wherever you sell through mobile or online, we power omnichannel experiences that increase your customer’s lifetime value. With Nexway Monetize API, you keep control of your product management, your design & marketing operations.
 The Nexway Connect API provides standard interface to collect product catalog data (Product Feed) and to manage purchase order (REST API). Nexway manages the complexity of business relationship with the Publisher and the End-user product fulfillment. It allows to sell thousands of Softwares and Video Games on a digital store.
iban- didn't extract the description
 The Nuo Play API is a Protocol for Collateralized Debt. It is a transparent, permission less and global protocol for creating collateral backed financial applications on the Ethereum Blockchain. Some Nuo Play uses may include; Crypto Exchanges, Decentralized Apps, Banks, Fintechs, Credit Unions, Investment Banks, Payment Gateways and more. Nuo is a Blockchain powered financial control centre to store, spend and grow your cryptocurrencies.
 The Coinbase Webhooks API notifications service allows you to subscribe to Coinbase updates. It provides a way to receive notifications as events are created for your account with some features that include; Get notified when your buy or sell is completed, Monitor order payments, Initiate actions when your bitcoin, bitcoin cash, litecoin or ethereum addresses receive new transactions and more. The Coinbase service is a global open financial system.
 The Coinbase Commerce Webhooks API enables you with the ability to integrate with Coinbase Commerce and allows you to subscribe to a set of charge events. Subscribe to the events by adding a new webhook subscription, and specify what events you would like to receive updates for. The Coinbase service is a global open financial system.
 The WebKit Apple Pay Payment Request API enables you to integrate Apple Payments in your web application. Safari 11.1 on macOS and Safari on iOS 11.3 support the W3C Payment Request API for conducting Apple Pay transactions on the web. It follows the W3C Payment Request specification that allows merchants to utilize one or more payment methods with minimal integration. Browsers and user agents facilitate the payment flow between merchant and user. WebKit is an open source web browser engine that is used by Safari, Mail, App Store, and many other applications on macOS, iOS, and Linux.
 The Coingate API returns Bitcoin and Altcoin payment data by creating an order API method, receiving an approval status, and redirecting a buyer to a payment URL address.
 The Coinbase Commerce API allows you to integrate Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin and Ethereum payments into your business or application. The Coinbase service is a global open financial system.
 The Tap Merchant Payments API can be accessed to collect payment details with methods for charge request credit cards or without source object, and create refund, and others. Tap Payments is a payments service that focuses on Middle Eastern business owners and consumers.
 The CyberSource Credit Card Payments API integrate payments into applications. It supports SOAP and XML formats with WSDL as the description file type. With the API, developers can implement credit card processing, authorization, and CCV validation.
 The CyberSource eWallet Payments API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With eWallet, they can implement AliPay Domestic Services, AliPay International Services, and Korean Cyber Payments.
 The TransNational Payments API is a JSON-based service with a machine-learning AI fraud platform. It uses machine-learning algorithms to prevent and detect suspicious processing activity. TransNational Payments provides technology solutions serving businesses nationwide, to manage payments in-store, online and more.
 The OFX Payments API allows you to get exchange rates across all your automated international payments. It unlocks the OFX International Payments network and makes cross-border payments using global currency markets, and more. OFX is a global provider of overseas money transfers.
 The OFX Payments Notifications callback allows you to specify the URL to where the OFX Payments API will push events to. The OFX Payments API allows you to get exchange rates across all your automated international payments. OFX is a global provider of overseas money transfers.
 The CyberSource Samsung Pay API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Samsung SDK available.
 The CyberSource Visa Pay API returns mobile payment data to integrate Visa into a system. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Name-Value Pair and XML examples available.
 The CyberSource Masterpass Pay API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Available supported countries, 3D secure, and decision manager.
 The CyberSource Chase Pay API returns mobile payment data to integrate Chase Banking features into a system. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Learn How Chase Pay works with the guide available on the site.
 The CyberSource Apple Pay API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With ApplePay, developers can implement in app transactions, web transactions, and merchant initiated transactions.
 The CyberSource Android Pay returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With Android Pay, enable users, request masked and full wallet, and decrypt message key.
 The CyberSource Invoicing API returns mobile payment data to integrate invoices into a system. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic.
 The CyberSource Cash Payments API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With the API, they can implement Multibanco Services.
 The CyberSource Online Bank returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic.
 The Turn API allows you to identify and check individuals for risk management or background checks. It is a REST service that can be consumed with any programming language with examples in Python and Javascript. Turn (Turning.io) provides a service platform for companies with on-demand job opportunities, including a payments tool to pay your workers faster and identity database engines to screen workers in real-time.
 The Google Pay API is used to request credit or debit card information that is stored in a customer’s Google account. It allows you to make online purchases without the need for customers to manually enter any payment information. A payments selection dialog is used to return payment information that is ready to be charged. It uses a supported payments gateway or is directly processed on an encrypted secure server that provides a way to utilize one-touch checkout flows for Google users. Google is a technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products that includes online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, software, and hardware. This is indirect access to Google pay, please refer to the available SDK's below.
 BluePay is a provider of secure payments processing solutions for businesses and organizations. The company offers three options of secure payments integration modules including the Install a Plugin option, the Embed a Payment Form, and the Full Integration option. Use the BluPay API to integrate secure online payments portal in your applications. A sandbox testing environment is available on request.
 The Razorpay Webhooks API allows developers to subscribe to certain events on the Razorpay API. When such an event is triggered, an HTTP POST payload is sent to the webhook's configured URL in JSON. Triggering events may include when a payment is authorized, when a payment is successfully captured, when a payment fails, when an order is successfully paid, when an invoice is successfully paid, and when an invoice gets expired.
 The ACINQ Strike Webhooks API will send you a notification when a Strike payment has been made. Strike provides a way to process lightning payments, and receive aggregated Bitcoin transactions. A Strike dashboard allows you to monitor your payments in real time. This includes; Charge object, Create a charge, List charges and more. ACINQ is a bitcoin technology company that builds products and services for the Bitcoin ecosystem.
 The ACINQ Strike API provides a way to process lightning payments, and receive aggregated Bitcoin transactions. A Strike dashboard allows you to monitor your payments in real time. Methods are available to: Charge object, Create a charge, List charges and more. This API supports HTTP verbs, Basic Auth and cross-origin resources sharing with response objects that are delivered as JSON. ACINQ is a Bitcoin technology company that builds products and services for the Bitcoin ecosystem.
 The Sparrow Services API by SparrowOne provides payments and value added features in the Sparrow gateway, that is a method of submitting transaction through the Services API. It allows merchants to connect their order management, shopping cart or card present device to the payment gateway for processing. Various transactions include; Sale, Authorization, Capture, Void, Refund and more. Sparrow is a global e-payment system comprised of FBI Tools, Tokenization, Payment Routing, Recurring Billing, ARC support, Closed Loop Payment Ecosystem and Commerce Hub.
 The Inkassogram Invoice API allows developers to integrate invoicing and payment tracking functionality in financial applications. The API sends requests in URI Query String/CRUD format. API methods are available for activating invoices, fetching invoice data, searching companies, resending invoices, and more. Inkassogram is a Sweden-based provider of invoicing and debt collection solutions.
 The ACME Animated QR Code Generator API hosts a RESTful Web Service for creating animated codes including QR codes in real time. Animation creation requests and animation updates are communicated in JSON, while animations are delivered in mp4, gif, or png and zip for individual frames. Animated QR codes provide 'call to action' scan targets for users and can be embedded with a company's branding, logo, or campaign. Clients requiring large volume animated QR codes and/or automated code creation can use the API directly. Individual making retail purchases can use ACME's online interactive 'Coderunner' QR code generator.
 The LaterPay REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of LaterPay with other applications. Some example API methods include accessing LaterPay functionalities, managing users, and retrieving forms. LaterPay offers monetization functionalities for digital content and applications.
 The Currency Alliance Loyalty API offers access to the issuance, transfer, redemption, or exchange of any loyalty point currency in JSON format. Currency Alliance is a cloud based provider of business solutions related to marketing and loyalty systems. Currency Alliance enables existing and new loyalty programs to connect with other businesses and exchange loyalty currencies.
 The Cashfree REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cashfree with other applications. Some example API methods include integration with payment gateways and processing payments. Cashfree offers payments solutions for fintech companies and marketplaces.
 The Veem API is designed for businesses that send and receive international and domestic payments. This API and platform is targeted to the growing legions of businesses with global partners.
The primary use case of the Veem API is sending money to vendors/suppliers. Users of the API can make a request that initiates a bill payment process and then follow up on its status.
You'll need a Veem account to use the API. Once you have a Veem account, please send them an email at devsupport@veem.com and they will provide the API credentials.
Veem is a payments platform that leverages multi-rail and Blockchain technology. By leveraging multi-rail technology, including blockchain, Veem has built a platform that transfers money in an easy and secure way between 60 countries.
 The DBS Transaction Analytics API provide insight on customer spending patterns - money movements such as total spending on categories, monthly totals, and more. The results does not generally include current day transactions included in the totals. Current scope supports Singapore GIRO (SG) only.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS GIRO API enables your customers to apply for a new debit card — initiating the account opening and application submission processes.Direct Debits APIs provide functions to set up, retrieve and manage automatic electronic payments to Billing parties. Current scope supports Singapore GIRO (SG).
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia
 The DBS Payees API provides payee management functionalities such as adding new payees, retrieving payee details, and retrieving registered payee lists.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 DataYuge’s Recharge Plans API is a comprehensive database of recharge offers of various telecom providers in India. This is generated from direct operator feeds and official operator offers list. DataYuge lists all the latest recharge plans in this browse plan API. The plans are daily updated, thus all data is accurate. DataYuge supports almost 9+ categories where the ML algorithm categorizes data. Some of these categories include Full Talktime offers, Top up offers, 4G, 3G, data recharge, Special recharges and so on. All the plans available are in TRAI prescribed format.
 Yandex Checkout is a payment service for business entities and sole proprietors. To activate it, you need to submit an activation request and sign an agreement with Yandex Money.
There are two scenarios for using Yandex Checkout to receive payments in mobile apps: using Yandex Checkout payment forms, or using the API for Apps.
Payment forms are easier to integrate, and they allow you to receive payments in all the ways that are available according to your agreement with Yandex Checkout. However, you can only get data from Yandex Money on the server or by email. The API only lets you receive payments from a user's Wallet or from bank cards, but, allows you to process payment information directly in the app.
Yandex support pages are in Russian.
Yandex is one of the largest internet companies in Europe, operating Russia's most popular search engine. Yandex provides user-centric products and services based on the latest innovations in information retrieval, machine learning and machine intelligence to a worldwide customer audience on all digital platforms and devices.
 The DBS Standing Instructions API provides functions to setup, retrieval, and management of automatic, scheduled, or recurring electronic payments to registered payees.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 Token.io provides access to different banks through one API. The Token.io API can be used to aggregate user account information, initiate payments, build B2B payment integrations, and to integrate eCommerce checkout processes. The API features Smart Tokens which simplify access to underlying assets. Smart Tokens mask underlying assets such as account numbers.
dbs-paylah! didn't extract the description
 The ABN AMRO Tikkie API provides a way to create payment requests via SMS, Whatsapp, Facebook Messenger and more. The Tikkie API can be used to create payment requests on behalf of users and are organized into platforms. This includes services for adding new platforms and users, creating payment requests, or retrieving information about existing payment requests. ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications.
 The Batch Payments API provides a way to transfer multiple payments at once allowing you to automate your payment flow. It can be used to automatically transfer multiple secure payments to ABN AMRO, such as transferring batch payments from your financial software system to ABN AMRO. ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications.
 THE IIN API is a verification platform that integrates credit and debit card look up capabilities in order to detect fraudulent activities. Developers can white-list their API key to ensure specific servers consume the IIN API for added security. The API is REST-based with standard HTTP GET requests. ALL data is provided in JSON format. Fees are charged on a per call basis.
 The Paxful Bitcoin Data Trades API returns all successfully completed trades with a hard cap of 100 trades per request. The Trades request allows you to fetch information for an active and/or completed trade for Start, List, Paid, Cancel and more. Paxful provides a way to buy and sell Bitcoin direct, using a Peer to Peer Money Marketplace.
 The Mobius Webhooks API provides alerts for the Mobius DApp Store and multiple blockchains. Mobius uses webhook callbacks to alert you of actions. The Mobius universal protocol APIs work across all blockchains and connect the internet world to the blockchain ecosystem. It implements and supports decentralized blockchain features such as token payments, login, governance, and oracles. Mobius requires SSL and AES-256 bit encryption throughout the network and provides cold storage with multi-signature wallets. Mobius instructs Al driven devices to directly purchase resources from a distributed grid using M2M payments that are independent of human intervention. Mobius is building simple cross-blockchain protocols to connect billions of people and devices to the blockchain ecosystem.
 The Mobius REST API provides simple access to the Mobius DApp Store and multiple blockchains. The Mobius universal protocol APIs work across all blockchains and connect the internet world to the blockchain ecosystem. It implements and supports decentralized blockchain features such as token payments, login, governance, and oracles. Mobius requires SSL and AES-256 bit encryption throughout the network and provides cold storage with multi-signature wallets. Mobius instructs Al driven devices to directly purchase resources from a distributed grid using M2M payments that are independent of human intervention. Mobius is building simple cross-blockchain protocols to connect billions of people and devices to the blockchain ecosystem.
 The Patreon Webhooks API allows you to receive real-time updates from Patreon servers that will eventually be many events about which you can be notified. Patreon's mission is to fund the creative class by building a product that powers membership businesses for creators.
 The Patreon API is a payment platform that supports creators with Patron-only content, Automation for rewards, Patron-only communities and more. It speaks to external services stating that there is a patron and what their pledge level is. Patreon's mission is to fund the creative class by building a product that powers membership businesses for creators.
 The Escrow.com API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website, mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks. Escrow.com will send you updates via Webhook at key points during a transaction by providing an HTTP endpoint. To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python, Ruby, PHP C# and cURL. Requests are available for; Get Webhooks, Create a Webhook, Delete a Webhook and more. Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet.
 Escrow.com Platform API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website, mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks. To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python, Ruby, PHP C# and cURL. Transactions that are available includes; Agree to a transaction, Funding a transaction, Shipping a transaction, Disbursing a transaction and more. Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet.
 The Nix Info Tariff Plans API offers card recharges, and bill pay integrations. The service is available for third-party websites and mobile applications. XML and JSON are the preferred data exchange formats. The platform uses API Keys for authentication. Nix Info is a web development firm based in India.
 This API is available for existing CheckMate partners to manage the reservations they provide to CheckMate and its guests. Checkmate is a cross-language meta-tool for static code analysis that provides a global overview of the code quality in a project. The API allows you to access all analysis data and to build integrations into other systems that uses QuantifiedCode CE as an automation tool inside your build pipeline. However, because this is an indirect API, the only way to interact with it is through the SDK. Check the SDK tab below for details on what is available. QuantifiedCode is a platform for automated code review and repair.
 Scalable Press is a provider of printing and fulfillment technologies. The Scalable Press Billing API allows users to track invoices and payments for orders processed through the Scalable Press website. Use the API to list invoice objects, retrieve invoice object, and complete PayPal payments. The API currently accepts only PayPal payments.
 iyzico is a provider of secure payments solutions including the iyzipay API. Deployment of the iyzipay RESTfulAPI simplifies the integration of online payments functionality in web applications. Interested developers can sign up for a free Sandbox account to test and verify their integrations.
 PayAPI.io enables aggregated payment capabilities with fraud prevention. The API supports risk analysis, IP address validation with intelligent geoIP data and proxy detection, credit card validation, and blacklist monitoring. PayAPI.io follows REST practices, and supports JSON formatted data. PayAPI.io is a fintech firm with offices in Finland and Spain.
 Paymentez is a Latin American gateway and point of sale platform that processes local and online payments. Paymentez supports over 20 payment methods. The Paymentez API is used to manage credit cards, verify transactions, issue refunds, and to receive transactions. JSON is the preferred response format. Developers will need to request a sandbox account.
 The Vantiv MercuryPay eCommerce RESTful API allows developers to post transaction requests directly from their shopping cart and combined with our tokenization it lightens the burden of PCI DSS compliance for developers. This guide shows you how to integrate to MercuryPay using our RESTful/JSON payments API integration method. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv Fraud Filtering Services API provides the flexibility of restricting which transactions are submitted to the filtering service and which filters the system applies to which groups. This is accomplished by defining Filter Rules that includes; Address Verification System, Fraud Velocity, Prior Chargeback and more. It allows you to filter transactions based upon failure to match either the address or the zip code individually, or address and zip code combined, enables decline of Auths/Sales once a threshold number of approved Auths/Sales occur within a preset time period for a particular card, filters transactions based either upon the receipt of any chargeback by the merchant from the same account within the last 90 days, or only the subset of chargebacks tagged as fraud chargeback and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv eCommerce iQ Reporting and Analytics API provides scheduled Vantiv Secure Reports, Merchant Services Updates, User Administration and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
360-payments-velox-point-of-sale didn't extract the description
 The 360 Payments Velox eCommerce API provides customized web-based payment processing methods that significantly reduces a merchant's PCI footprint without sacrificing end-user look and feel. It includes; Query, Direct Post, Three-Step Redirect and more. It allows merchants to download a detailed stream of transaction data that can then be used to create reports and analytics. Velox is an integrated payments experience for businesses that features state-of-the-art security, and mobile flexibility that is powered by 360 Payments.
 Wallee offers diverse tools that streamline online businesses. The Wallee Web Service API supports payment processing, subscriptions (for payments and communications), document handling, and Email handling. JSON is the preferred response format. Wallee is a Switzerland based payment gateway provider that specializes in the fintech industry.
 The Novopayment Authentications API enables security processes related to transactions. It provides account login, token generation and authentication tools for the validation of your user's credentials against other applications. The available functions include; Generate authentication credentials, Validate authentication credentials and User login. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Novopayment Money Transfers API allows users with the authorized credentials to send money to third party accounts. The Money Transfer Tools service enables you to send money between different parties like individuals, businesses, merchants and agents. The money transfer APIs provides cash transfers between different payment ecosystem participants that includes; card/account holders businesses, merchants and corresponding agents. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Novopayment Customer Support Tools API enables users with the authorized credentials to block stored value accounts. It allows you to block accounts, change PIN, report, process incidents, and more. Customer support tools provide call center and support personnel with useful back-office functions for cash management programs such as blocking a card or virtual account, changing a PIN, reporting incidents among others. Some available tools include; Block or Replace Account/Card, Positive Identification, Replace card, User identification and more. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Registration Cardholder API allows you to update information in stored value accounts. It is a tool to enable the creation of new individual or bulk user accounts and cash management programs for businesses, merchants, corresponding agents and end users. Some available operations include; Registration, Self-Registration, Cardholder's, Account Creation and more. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Novopayment Inquiries API provides balance and transaction history, transactions by category, agent commissions and more. The Inquiry cardholder API enables balance and transaction inquiries on stored value accounts that make it possible to retrieve account balances and other transactional information for businesses, merchants, corresponding agents and cardholder accounts. Some available functions include; Account balance, Recent transactions, Transaction history and more. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Cash Management API provides a way to manage money in real time that allows you to disburse unused funds, and request payments between businesses, merchants, corresponding agents and end users. Some available functions includes; Cash disbursement, Cash recovery, Deposits, and Withdrawals. The Cash Management service is real-time cash management tool that enables companies to process deposits and withdrawals from stored value accounts. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The OCBC Merchant Card Payments API enables OCBC customers to integrate card payment APIs seamlessly with existing systems for transactional capabilities. The Merchant Card Payments API provides transactions using card payments APIs that includes; authorize, capture, sale, void and query transactions. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 CinetPay connects an application with a secure payment processing platform designed for mobile. Users of CinetPay only need their phone and PIN number to complete transactions. The API simplifies online payments without the need of a bank account or credit card. Token is the preferred method for authentication. CinetPay is a mobile payment gateway provider based in the Ivory Coast in West Africa.
 koomalooma is a loyalty API for mobile and web companies offered as a BPaaS (Business Process as a Service). With koomalooma merchants issue points for actions, their customers/users make on your mobile or web store, for example a purchase or a referral.
koomalooma offers an easy to integrate API and web backend to configure loyalty campaigns and track performance. With koomalooma, you outsource the entire rewards and loyalty process.
With this API, you canDisplay to your web or mobile user the amount of loyalty or incentive points the user	will earn for a specific actionDisplay the amount of points the user earned after completing the action, the total balance of points earned to date and redirect the user to signup and reward catalog site.Use the koomalooma partner panel to define specific loyalty campaigns for each mobile or web property and to generate the code to be pasted into your application.Use the koomalooma partner panel to monitor the performance of your campaign.Rewards are available in over 80 countries and are tailored to suit the needs of users in each specific market.
Registration to the koomalooma backend is free and works on a pay as you go model.
 The Paysafe Card Payments API offers a full suite of credit and debit card functionality to meet all your card-processing needs. Paysafe is an online payment solution based in the UK.
 This Vantiv integration allows you to store, process, or transmit sensitive cardholder data, and all merchant/vendor applications. The Express API is a server side Web service application where all communication takes place over secure HTTPS links to the internet. This is handled via XML or SOAP, and supports Credit, Debit, and Checking transactions that includes; TransForm Tokenization, Hosted Payment service, Recurring transactions and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 Vantiv's eProtect and OmniToken for Enterprise solutions help solve your card-not-present challenges by virtually eliminating payment data from your order handling systems, transferring the ownership to Vantiv and reducing PCI applicable controls. It controls the fields on your checkout page that hold sensitive card data and includes; Authorize transactions, Sales transactions, Force capture transactions, and more. The eProtect feature is compatible with the following; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems, and Browsers; Visa Checkout, Internet Explorer 8, Chrome 1, Android 2.3, Apple iOS 3.2, Windows Phone 10 and more. The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This Vantiv service allows you to integrate the Customer Browser JavaScript API eProtect solution into your checkout page. This includes; Authorize transactions, Sales transactions, Force capture transactions, and more. Vantiv's eProtect solution features are that it controls the fields on your checkout page that collect sensitive cardholder data. The eProtect feature is compatible with the following; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems, and Browsers; Internet Explorer 8, Chrome 1, Android 2.3, Apple iOS 3.2, Windows Phone 10 and more. The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Account Updater API enables you to receive updated credit card information without having to contact each customer individually with some features that includes: New account number and/or new expiration date, Account closed notification, Contact customer notification, Engage in recurring billing, and more. Account Updater is an optional product that allows you to request and receive updated information concerning MasterCard, Visa, and Discover cardholder accounts. It is used to offer a recurring billing payment plan for customers. It provides a way to integrate complex online payments that connect to shopping carts, or adding disruptive technologies to your online stores. This type of billing includes subscription services, membership fees, multi-payment programs, and various preferred customer programs. The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv LitleXML CNP API provides a way to send and receive secure XML encoded transactions for both batch and online transactions. It has detailed information about card not present, API XML message format, and transaction examples and Certification test cases. It is used for payment processing with Vantiv, LLC. to perform unattended transaction testing and attended that, certification testing with Vantiv, and transaction processing using cnpAPI. This includes; Testing and certification process, Authorization Transactions, Authorization Reversal Transactions, Activate Transactions and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The eCommerce Sandbox is a simulator of the Vantiv production environment. It allows you to send your transactions to the sandbox and simulates the certification or production systems. It validates and approves the transaction format if it matches Vantiv requirements and include the Sandbox environment, the Pre-Live environment and the Post-Live environment. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This API is fraud detection tools in the form of a variety of Fraud Filters with ThreatMetrix to provide additional options that allows you to augment Vantiv filters by taking advantage of several ThreatMetrix fraud detection features. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This Facebook API is Webhooks for Payments that provides real-time updates about your transactions. Webhooks for Payments are an essential method by which you're informed of changes to orders made through Facebook Payments within your app. It is a subscription based system between Facebook and your server that allows your subscribed app to receive updates from Facebook via a specified HTTPS endpoint.
Here are some primary scenarios in which updates are sent to your developer server: Payment Fulfillment, Refunds, Chargebacks, Chargeback Reversals and Declines
Disputes. Facebook Developers enables you to build, grow and monetize amazing apps.
 The Hubtel Vend API facilitates bill payments, and mobile airtime refills. JSON is the preferred response format. The API employs Base64 HTTP Basic Auth for authentication, and requires each request to include username and password. Hubtel is a mobile technology firm that delivers customer service and payment solutions.
 The Hubtel Send Message API can be used to send text, binary or Unicode based messages. Additionally, Hubtel supports scheduling and message details retrieval. The API employs Base64 HTTP Basic Auth for authentication, and requires each request to include username and password. Hubtel is a mobile technology firm that delivers customer service and payment solutions.
 The Hubtel USSD (Unstructured Supplementary Service Data) API is a service that allows GSM communications. The USSD API features WAP browsing, prepaid callback service integrations, mobile money services, location-based content services, and menu-based information services. The API employs Base64 HTTP Basic Auth for authentication, and requires each request to include username and password. Hubtel is a mobile technology firm that delivers customer service and payment solutions.
 The Hubtel Sell API offers a way for businesses to receive online payments. The API supports mobile payments, credit cards, debit cards, and more. The API employs Base64 HTTP Basic Auth for authentication, and requires each request to include username and password. Hubtel is a mobile technology firm that delivers customer service and payment solutions.
 AgilePay simplifies the process of interacting with multiple payment gateways within an application. Developers can connect applications to a REST based platform that can safely store gateway credentials, save customer information, and store payment methods. AgilePay supports common transactions such as capture, credit and void. Additionally, the API offers transaction scheduling which can be used to execute transactions at a specific timezone and date.
 Visa B2B Virtual Account Payment Method provides a secure and flexible platform that businesses can use to deploy virtual accounts as B2B portals for automating the process of paying suppliers. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format. Its production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 Visa Payments Processing API provides a direct link to Visa’s global payment system through which Visa clients including approved merchants, acquirers and acquirer processors can process card-not-present payments. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format. Although the API’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers, its production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 CyberSource provides ecommerce payment management services. The CyberSource SCMP API is a security solution that allows developers to integrate industry-standard Triple DES encryption in ecommerce payment apps. This secures the safety and privacy of user messages that are conveyed through the CyberSource platform.
 This API allows you to process Vantiv services via the Hosted Payments solution on the Express payment platform. It provides a way to process a single sale transaction and store card data in PASS to tokenize. Express is a server-side web-service application that communicates over secure HTTPS links to the Internet. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This Vantiv Cloud Lane API provides a way to see all the lanes currently associated with your account, generate a new activation code for your PIN pad, reconfigure PIN pad and more. TriPOS Cloud enables you to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This API allows you to process a Vantiv transaction through triPOS. The API supports null lane IDs that allow payment transactions to flow through the system without the need for hardware. This includes; Generate a request package, Create Message Headers, Send the request to triPOS and more. The Express API is a server-side web-service application that communicates over secure HTTPS links to the Internet that is handled via XML or SOAP.
Worldpay, Inc. Formerly Vantiv is an American payment processing and technology provider. They provide online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next-generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv triPOS Express SOAP service allows you to generate either an XML or SOAP request when using the Express API. This includes; request to the Express API, request for a Credit Card Sale transaction, request for a Credit Card Sale transaction and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 Visa’s Preauhtorized Payment Cancellation Service supports the processing of customer-initiated stop payment requests for electronic funds transfers, such as installments payments, that are preauthorized. Developers use the Visa Stop Payment Order API to build apps that implement functions such as add, update, or delete a stop payment request. The API transmits requests and responses in JSON format.
 The Visa Travel Notification Service is a useful platform for preventing mistaken purchases declines attributable to traveling cardholders. The service is meant to facilitate the incorporation of cardholders’ self-reported travel plans into the VisaNet authorization message. Developers seeking to integrate the functionality for reporting travel itinerary to Visa have at their disposal the Visa Travel Notification API. The API sends requests in JSON format.
 Visa Consumer Transaction Control (CTC) affords consumers the flexibility of determining the frequency and preferences of using their cards. The CTC platform allows issuers to provide a channel through which cardholders can manage features, such as block and alerts, on their cards using their mobile banking apps or web applications. The Visa Customer Rules API supports the integration of the CTC functionality in apps. The API conveys responses and requests in JSON format.
 The Visa Funds Transfer API provides functionalities for pulling data from the Visa accounts of senders. This includes the PullFundsTransactions Resources functionality that debits funds from the Visa account of a sender while initiating the process of transferring the funds to the account of a recipient. The API completes the seamless funds transfer procedure through the Account Funding Transaction (ATF) platform.
 The Visa Get Payment Data API is a channel for accessing checkout transaction data. Its integration allows developers to facilitate access to Visa Checkout transaction in a manner that is identical to using the Visa Checkout library to access similar data. The API is particualry useful when using backend software to obtain data. Its deployment requires API key authentication. Access is restricted to approved developers.
 The Safaricom Limited M-PESA platform offers integration capabilities to create payment journeys, covering both disbursements and service payments. This includes; Automated Payment Receipt Processing, Automated Payment Disbursements, Automated Payments Reversal and more. Safaricom is a provider of converged communication solutions in Kenya.
 The MicroEdge API returns CSR data including organizations, payments, and contacts, fields required to interact with contacts. It's available with Web Token in JSON format to perform callbacks. MicroEdge provides solutions to companies and organizations for giving for social good.
 The Qualpay Platform Webhooks API enables you to: Configure a new webhook, Save the webhook_id in the response for use in future requests, Manage a webhook, Get all events for a webhook, Add an event to a webhook and includes; Add webhook, Update webhook, Get events, Add an event and more. It provides a way to browse webhooks that retrieves an array of objects with optional query parameters that determines, size and sort order of returned array. Qualpay is a web-based management portal with reconciliation reporting, to enable credit card payments within the application. It is a platform for in-person, online, mobile, mail and telephone order processing, from the same merchant account.
 The Qualpay Payment Gateway provides a way to access an approved transaction, timing of the batch that needs to be controlled by the merchant, online authorization requests received, reason code and the merchant received, an authorization from a voice or automated response system and returns success if the cardholder information was verified by the issuer that includes; Verify and Authorization, Close batch, Force transaction approval, Verify Card and more. It provides a checkout experience that allows you to process either one-time payments or payments from repeat customers, that is used to send cardholder data to the issuing bank for validation and approval. Qualpay is a web-based management portal with reconciliation reporting, to enable credit card payments within the application. It is a platform for in-person, online, mobile, mail and telephone order processing, from the same merchant account.
 The Qualpay Platform API provides a way to create a new checkout object which contains a payment link, gets an array of Plan objects with optional query parameters that determines, size and sort order of returned array, browses a paginated list of account updater requests that includes; Create a checkout payment link, Get Transient Key, Get all Recurring Plans, Get all customers, Account Updater Detail Report and more. Qualpay is a web-based management portal with reconciliation reporting, to enable credit card payments within the application. It is a platform for in-person, online, mobile, mail and telephone order processing, from the same merchant account.
 Moip is a multi-channel payment platform designed for eCommerce, direct sales, and marketplace integrations. Moip offers over 15 payment methods, fraud protection, subscriptions, and POS tools. The API follows a REST architecture, and employs OAuth 2.0 for authentication. JSON is the preferred media type. Moip is a Brazilian technology and financial management firm.
 The Spryng Payments API returns payment data associated with accounts and currencies. It is available in JSON format with API Key as the authentication method. Resources include HTTPS connections, currencies and amounts, and filtering and searching.
 The triPOS Cloud API provides resources for developers that build integrated payment applications. It allows you to create products for your merchants to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security, delivers hardware and an effortless pairing process, with a device and POS for merchant installation. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This SOAP API is Forte’s merchant web services that include the following parameters; Client, Transactions, Merchant and AGI Transaction. It allows you to create and manage client and payment method tokens, search and pull transaction information and Forte Payment pull hierarchy data. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Forte Payments Webhooks API allows you access to Forte's webhook payloads and depending on these subscriptions, multiple events can occur during an operation with examples for; Sale Transaction Webhook, Customer Webhook, and Payment Method Webhook. Forte notifies merchants about events through subscriptions and provides near-real-time notifications about the events that occur during a transaction through POSTs to a customer-defined endpoint with the following resources: Transactions, Schedules, Customers and more. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Forte Checkouts API enables you to make payments on your site with a few lines of code that includes methods for; sale, schedule, token and auth, for Visa, Mast, Amex, Dine and more. It creates a customizable JavaScript button that sits on top of your existing site with Up-to-date customer data, Advanced form field settings and more. Checkouts Pay Now button uses an HTML form POST action with a signature. When the button with coded parameters on the client side is activated, Forte servers read the parameters and populate the modal window. It includes a Forte namespaced version of jQuery that won't conflict with other client-side jQuery code. Forte’s Checkouts supported browsers are Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome and Safari. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Forte Payment Systems platform captures purchase information via swipe or key entry, processes credit card, EFT, and recurring transactions, automatically responds to your point-of-sale machine approving or denying the transaction and uploads completed transaction information to Forte’s Virtual Terminal application. It allows you to format, create, and process messages with data methods of data transmission that includes; SSL, SOAP, or RAW HTTP. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The PayUMoney API returns data of payment inquiries. Developers can make calls over HTTP with JSON format, authenticating via merchant key. Version 1 Swagger is available for download.
 The Crowdfinch Mobile Recharge API integrates prepaid, postpaid, and bill payments into business applications. It is targeted for start-ups, retailer, and distributors based in India. For API access, contact info@Crowdfinch.in and http://www.crowdfinch.in/mobile-recharge-api.php
 This Mastercard API is a consumer-initiated mobile payment solution that enables you to make convenient, secure payments for everyday purchases. It allows making cashless payments from your smartphone, by simply scanning a Masterpass QR code at any merchant location that accepts Masterpass. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more. For support, contact https://developer.mastercard.com/support
 The CMTelecom AutoCollect API returns data of scheduled payments for users. It allows them to set up a payment plan, link payment periods, and attach debtors. Available in JSON format with OAuth2.
 The CMTelecom BulkSMS API allows sending a high volume of text messages. It is available with a token as the authentication factor and XML and JSON as the formats.
 The CMTelecom One Time Passwords API allows users to be authenticated via SMS, delivering or pushing the message to verify the response. It is available with a token as the authentication factor and JSON as the format.
 The CMTelecom iDIN API enables customer identification with websites as if they were accessing their banks. JSON format available. Swagger API specification available.
 The CMTelecom Address Book API allows importing contacts in bulk for messaging, payments, and security purposes. It is available in JSON format.
 The CMTelecom Transactions API allows users to review the insight of individual messages in their accounts. It is available in JSON format with token authentication.
 The CMTelecom Voice API allows developers to write interactive voice responses. Available with HTTP basic authentication and JSON as the callback format.
 The Toast REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Toast with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service and partner approval. Toast is a restaurant management platform that offers point-of-sale (POS) and inventory solutions for restaurants.
 The Kwi API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kwi with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Kwi offers point-of-sale (POS), payment, and inventory solutions for retail businesses.
 The LivePOS API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of LivePOS with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. LivePOS offers point-of-sale (POS) platform and functionality for retail and commerce businesses.
 The Aptito REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Aptito with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here http://ags.v2.aptito.com/oauth/signup. Aptito is a point-of-sale (POS) and ordering system for restaurants and bars.
 The iConnect API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iConnect with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. iConnect is a point-of-sale (POS) provider for retail and businesses.
 The PeachWorks API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PeachWorks with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. PeachWorks is a restaurant management system that provides solutions for scheduling, point-of-sale (POS), and inventory management.
 The Doshii API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Doshii with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Doshii for API access http://www.doshii.io/contact/. Doshii provides point-of-sale (POS) solutions for hospitality businesses and applications.
 The Korona API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Korona with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Korona offers point-of-sale (POS) solutions for retail and commerce businesses.
 The Sku IQ API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Sku IQ with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Interested developers can sign up here for API access https://api.skuiq.com/. Sku IQ provides point-of-sale (POS) and other retail management tools for retail businesses.
 The HighLine API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of HighLine with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. HighLine provides point-of-sale (POS), inventory management, and CRM tools and functionality for retail and businesses.
 The InstaReM API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of InstaReM with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. InstaReM is a money transfer platform in Asia.
 The WorldPay REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WorldPay with other applications. Some example API methods include managing accounts, managing transfers, and managing orders. WorldPay is an online payment platform.
 The SimplicityPOS API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SimplicityPOS with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. SimplicityPOS offers point-of-sale (POS) features and functionality for businesses and services.
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website. It allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site, control the user experience, and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers. This includes; Coupon, FraudCheck, InvoiceItem, TransactionReview, Subscription and more. Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites, mobile apps and in-person.
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device. This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce, m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes; Hosted Checkout, Hosted Session, Direct Payment and Batch. It also includes a variety of channels such as; Web/eCommerce, Mail-order/Telephone-order, Call centre/IVR, Mobile/mCommerce, SMS, and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 The MasterCard Payment Gateway sends Webhook notifications in the format that you configure in either REST or NVP for Merchant Administration. It allows you to configure a global notification URL in Merchant Administration to receive notifications for all transaction updates at the URL. The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce, m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes; Hosted Checkout, Hosted Session, Direct Payment and Batch. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device. This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce, m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes; Hosted Checkout, Hosted Session, Direct Payment and Batch. Operations are sent to the gateway as HTTP POST operations with all arguments as name-value pairs in the HTTP body. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 Mastercard Qkr is a mobile payments platform that allows consumers to order and pay for goods and services using their smart device. It enables partners to embed merchant embedded Masterpass registration, card management and checkout flows directly into their mobile commerce apps. Generate sales reports and view real time analytics, gather and respond to consumer feedback, manage your product inventory and your customer experience. Some functions include; Pay-at-Table, Open Tab, Order ahead and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 Spend Controls enables cardholders to temporarily turn off their card or receive alerts for all, set transaction controls and alert rules based on transaction amount, transaction type, home country and more. It allows cardholders to manage their spending by setting alerts for transactions and setting decline rules based on transaction amount and transaction type. The service also provides the capability for cardholders to temporarily stop all transactions on their card while allowing recurring transactions to continue, and allows for alerts on all transactions. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website. The Webhook Objects represent HTTP endpoints that will receive callbacks after various events. The API allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site, control the user experience, and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers. This includes; Coupon, FraudCheck, InvoiceItem, TransactionReview, Subscription and more. Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites, mobile apps and in-person.
 The Payfort Master Pass API returns data of a digital wallet that stores the buyer’s credit card details and shipping addresses and information. It is available in JSON format with a token as the authentication method.
 The Payfort Bill Presentment API enables the Merchant to generate bill numbers for Customer’s orders using the FORT API. It is available in JSON format.
 The Payfort 3-D Secure Service API offers cardholders a decreased risk of other people being able to use their payment cards fraudulently on the Merchant’s site. Available in JSON format with an authentication token.
 The Payfort FORT Tokenization API enables the merchant to store the Customer’s credit card details in a safe and secure environment substituting the Customer’s sensitive card details with a non-sensitive equivalent referred to as a Token. It is available in JSON format with REST architecture.
 The Emida API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Emida with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Emida is a provider of pre-paid services, such as cards, mobile phones, airtime, data, and more.
 The Payfort Maintenance Operations API assists developers in only authorizing a certain payment amount for maintenance purposes. It is available to authenticate with a token.
 The Payfort Fraud Service API returns data that aims to protect a Merchant from being lured into a scam over the Internet and as a result, minimizes chargebacks. It is available in XML format with a token as the authentication factor.
 The Payfort Invoicing API allows a merchant to generate an invoice payment link. The Customer will be able to use this link to pay his invoices using any of the payment options that are configured for the Merchant, according to the website. Available in JSON format.
 Payfort Currency Exchange API enables the merchant to convert the transaction amount from one currency into another currency using live currency exchange rate. Available in JSON format with a token as the authentication method.
 The Payfort Merchant Page API enables merchants to accept the customer’s payments in their websites by collecting their credit card information using a PayFort inline frame (iframe). Developers can authenticate with a token to perform callbacks in JSON format.
 The Payfort Authorization and Purchase API returns data for completing a payment process. It is available with a token as authentication factor and XML format. As the website states, the Authorization operation holds an amount from the Customer’s credit card account for a period of time until the Merchant capture or voids the transaction.
 The Payfort Recurring Transaction API enables a merchant to charge Customer’s card a specific amount on regular basis using the Purchase operation configured in single message mode. It is available to authenticate via token to perform JSON calls.
 The Payfort Installments API enables a customer to pay for the total amount of an order in installments. However, the Merchant will be paid the full amount immediately as the website states. It is available to authenticate with token and XML format.
 The Payfort MOTO eCommerce API allows the merchant to perform MOTO (Mobile Order/ Telephone Order) transactions using the FORT API using credit card Tokens.
 The Payfort Trusted Channel API enables PCI Certified Merchants to collect the user’s credit card details on the Merchant’s checkout page. According to the website, the Merchants are able to process (eCommerce, Recurring, and MOTO) transactions through the FORT using clear card data and credit card tokens.
 The Payfort Redemption API enables a merchant to redeem point or monetary value in exchange for goods, services or Merchant credits. Available in JSON format.
 This API is an Open Banking standard that allows you to register an intent to retrieve account information by creating an “account request”. This registers the data “permissions”, expiration and transaction history timeframe the customer (PSU) has consented to provide to the AISP; and Subsequently retrieve account and transaction data. Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers.
 The Payment Initiation API Specification describes the flows and payloads for initiating a single immediate domestic payment. The endpoints allow a PISP to; Register an intent to setup a payment instruction, Subsequently submit the payment instruction for processing and Optionally retrieve the status of a payment setup or submission. Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers.
 The Handpoint API is a payment platform that can be used to implement sales transactions by integrating a proprietary payment terminal and a third-party application. Handpoint offers a highly secure point of sale infrastructure, and a PCI-DSS certified global payment gateway which handles online and offline PIN verification and both authorization and capture in a single message. Requests must be encoded in JSON format.
 William Hill is provider of online sports betting and other forms of gambling solutions. The William Hill Wallets API is useful for integrating an interface for transferring funds from either a credit or debit card platform to a user account. It transmits requests and responses in JSON format.
 This Mastercard web service allows you to make commerce simple with the Masterpass Chatbot. It enables you to set up a Facebook Messenger Chatbot and connect with a Masterpass Enabled Merchant to process a payment in-chat. Quickly and easily integrate Masterpass payment technology into conversational commerce experiences that supports commerce payments in popular messaging platforms that includes; Facebook Messenger, Skype, Telegram, Slack and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for individuals and business.
 This API enables online merchants and service providers to process consumer payments through SafeCharge's payment gateway. It supports merchants of all levels of PCI certification, from their online and mobile merchant applications. SafeCharge's web service interacts with the merchant's application to manage payments, users, user payment options, payment cards, alternative payment methods and more. SafeCharge is a payment services partner for Global businesses.
payfac-in-a-box didn't extract the description
 The CM Telecom Payments API returns data of online payments, supporting iDEAL, Credit Cards, Afterpay and Bancontact methods. It is available in JSON format with OAuth1. The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem, including SMS, push, apps, payments, and voice messages. CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery.
 The CM Telecom SMS Campaign API enables developers to manage and send campaigns. It is available in JSON format with token as the authentication method. The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem, including SMS, push, apps, payments, and voice messages. CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery.
 The CM Telecom Transactions API returns data of transactions by providing individual insights via messages. It is available in JSON format with token authentication. The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem, including SMS, push, apps, payments, and voice messages. CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery.
 The CM Telecom Voice API allows writing interactive voice responses applications. It is available in JSON format with shared secret to authenticate. The CM Telecom platform is capable of handling all facets of the mobile ecosystem, including SMS, push, apps, payments, and voice messages. CM Telecom also provides SMS status reports and real time logging of message delivery.
 The CM Telecom One Time Passwords API allows developers to generate one-time passwords, deliver them via SMS or Push and verify the response. It is available in JSON format with token as the authentication factor. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom Number Verifier API returns data to verify phone numbers including format and carrier. It is available in JSON format with token as authentication method. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom iDIN API enables customers to verify themselves with websites, using the same methods as their bank. It is available in JSON format with HTTP basic auth. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom Conversions API returns data to enable conversion details per message to CM Telecom. It is available in XML format with HTTP basic authentication. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom Authenticator API allows identifying online users by adding an extra layer of authentication in mobile phones. It is available in JSON format with a token as the authentication factor. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The CM Telecom AutoCollect API returns data of collected scheduled payments automatically. It is available with OAuth2 authentication method to perform callbacks. CM Telecom provides mobile messaging, telephony, and payments services.
 The Payments API provides a way to send money from an authorized user’s BBVA account to any bank account, domestic or cross border. It allows third party applications to perform money transfers from a BBVA user’s account that includes the following operations: Money Transfer, Transfer Simulation, Scheduled Transfer and more. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The BBVA Compass Payments Services provides the methods available for money movement between accounts and allows you to; Initiate transfers between BBVA Compass accounts and third party accounts, Cancel and/or reverse a transfer, Check the status of an individual transfer and more. It allows you to send and receive money with secure transfer fund capabilities. BBVA Compass APIs are implemented using (HATEOAS) Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State. HATEOAS enables interaction and construction of an API flow through provided hyperlinks. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business
 The data services specifications for the PayStats API provides statistical transactions data that has been retrieved through BBVA cards or in BBVA point of sale. BBVA PayStats offers anonymized and aggregated statistical data from millions of transactions performed with any cards in BBVA POS terminals. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The Orkiv Epic Commerce Inventory API provides an easier and faster way to build commerce sites and marketplaces utilizing logic and AI to deliver personalized one-to-one experiences on any channel.
This allows for full omnichannel functionality, along with essential commerce functions, easily adapted to any website design.
Orkiv Epic Commerce Inventory utilizes the REST API with any client-side language.
go-processing's-mobile-recharge didn't extract the description
 The Beyonic REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Beyonic with other applications. Some example API methods include receiving money, sending money, and managing billing. Beyonic is a mobile money payment, billing, and collection platform.
 The Hellenic Bank Mass Payments API works efficiently and transparently, and allows you to make mass payments within Hellenic Bank as well as SEPA and SWIFT payments. Payments can be made in any valid ISO currency.
You can integrate this API in your ERP system and CRM so that customer can easily make invoice, utilities and payroll payments from a single location to multiple beneficiaries, from their web or mobile app.
Transactions are performed in a secure manner with the OAuth 2 protocol. Self-register to get started. Testing for your your app is available in Hellenic Bank’s sandbox environment. Real-time access on account activity via the Sandbox log.
Hellenic Bank offers a platform of financial APIs. Companies or developers interested in using the APIs can register and test them in a sandbox environment. The APIs' openness and modularity allow customers to experiment and innovate. The standards allow them to connect their systems very quickly. Openness to 3rd party solutions (e.g. FinTechs) enables platforms for partnerships and integrated value chains.
These APIs all you to:Partner with one of the leading and most innovative banks in CyprusUnlock new business models with our APIsSecure, reliable and scalable APIsOpen APIs available for non-customers of our bankMulti-currency money movements, authentication and account reporting all in one placeStart creating using our realistic sandbox environment and quickly test your ideas
hellenic-bank-mass-payments-in-rubles didn't extract the description
hellenic-bank-single-payment-in-rubles didn't extract the description
 The Hellenic Bank Single Payment dedicated API allows you to make multi-currency, one to one payments to accounts within Hellenic Bank, to local banks, banks in the EU via SEPA and to other international banks via SWIFT.
Transactions are performed in a secure manner with the OAuth 2 protocol. Self-register to get started. Testing for your your app is available in Hellenic Bank’s sandbox environment. Real-time access on account activity via the Sandbox log.
Hellenic Bank offers a platform of financial APIs. Companies or developers interested in using the APIs can register and test them in a sandbox environment. The APIs' openness and modularity allow customers to experiment and innovate. The standards allow them to connect their systems very quickly. Openness to 3rd party solutions (e.g. FinTechs) enables platforms for partnerships and integrated value chains.
These APIs all you to:Partner with one of the leading and most innovative banks in CyprusUnlock new business models with our APIsSecure, reliable and scalable APIsOpen APIs available for non-customers of our bankMulti-currency money movements, authentication and account reporting all in one placeStart creating using our realistic sandbox environment and quickly test your ideas
 The W3C Web Payments Google Payment Request API allows merchants to request and accept payments over a single API call with minimal integration. This API is Google's implementation of the W3C Payments Request API, an open, cross-browser standard for accepting credit cards electronically. It allows the web page to exchange information with the browser before approving or denying a payment request, while the user is providing input.
 The IMwallet Recharge API allows developers to integrate online mobile recharge services into their websites and applications. IMwallet connects to all major prepaid recharge facilities in India, including all mobile operators, DTH operators, and data card operators. They also provide domestic money transfers and bill payment services for postpaid, landline, gas, electric, water, and insurance bills. IMwallet is payment Processing wallet Company which provides Telecom Recharge and Bill Payment API. We Provide all Operator Mobile Recharge, DTH Recharge, Postpaid Recharge API and also have All State Electricity Bill API's.
 The Paydock API integrates payments into applications and web services. It is available in REST architecture with Public API Key as the authentication method and JSON format to perform callbacks. Paydock is a smart payments platform. The company is based in Sydney, Australia.
 The GoPay REST API integrates payments into applications. It uses JSON formats and OAuth 2 authentication. With the API Available in English, Slovak, and Czech languages, developers can include payments in customized gateways.
 Paylocity Web Services Push Notifications are the process of triggering an action based on the change of data within the Web Pay system. The action triggered is the sending of a JSON push notification to an external HTTPS URL that is provided by our clients. The HTTPS URL can have no authentication or basic authentication. Paylocity's recommendation is to use the basic authentication so that they can provide one more levels of security for data protection. Paylocity is a Cloud based payroll software designed for the mid-market, to simplify how you perform everyday payroll and human resources tasks using an online system.
 Paylocity Web Services API is an externally facing RESTful Internet protocol. The Paylocity API uses HTTP verbs and a RESTful endpoint structure with OAuth 2.0 used as the API authorization framework. Request and response payloads are formatted as JSON and include; Earnings, Deduction, Employee and more. Paylocity is a Cloud based payroll software designed for the mid-market, to simplify how you perform everyday payroll and human resources tasks using an online system.
 The Cielo API is a payment processing platform based in Brazil that supports debit and credit card payments, wire transfers, bank slip payments, recurrent payments and digital wallets. Data is returned in JSON format. Cielo provides wireless machines for onsite payments, mobile card reader and the Cielo LIO (business-targeted payment and management machine). With monitored transactions, Cielo is the leading sales platform in Latin America.
 bunq, banking as a service with a full EU banking license. The bunq API offers access to all our banking products and brings the integration of payment interfaces, accounts, MasterCards, shared accounts and everything else you expect from an innovative bank in the 21st century.
The RESTful API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format.
 Unified APIs for inventory, carts, the checkout process, payments and more, so you can focus on creating seamless customer experiences at any scale.
Moltin is a SaaS cloud based eCommerce platform for developers. Moltin provides decoupled components to create customized solutions for websites, mobile and desktop applications, as well as powering physical retail stores through point-of-sale and stock management systems.
Core components of the API include, inventory management (products & variations, categories, collections, brands), carts, orders, customers, addresses, checkout and payment gateways. As a developer you can choose which of these components to use in your project and create completely unique checkout flows without the limitations found in existing e-commerce solutions.
You can use Moltin anywhere to do any kind of commerce you or your client wants in any programming language.
Having one centralized cloud based e-commerce platform allows you to have multiple store fronts across a range of devices. This even allows you to switch out and/or upgrade your front end technology without having to completely migrate between systems.
 The PayPal Button Manager API allows developers to create, manage, and edit a large number of PayPal Payments Standard buttons without having to touch HTML code. This API is available for both NVP and SOAP. It covers all buttons that can be created in a PayPal Profile. This API is available in every country that accepts PayPal.
 The ePayco API implements a payment system that returns JSON calls related to credit cards, bank transactions, and Efecty (international) payments. The API supports OnPage checkout, standard checkout, and split payments. ePayco is a Colombian payment processing platform focused on the LATAM market. ePayco charges on a per transaction basis.
 Trexle is a RESTful API service that connects e-commerce shopping carts to +100 payments gateways. It is available with API Key. Developers can use the interface to integrate transactions and customers' data into payments applications.
 The PayPal Billing Agreements API retrieves data related to an agreement. It can create an agreement, update an agreement, show agreement details, and cancel agreements. It is available with REST architecture in JSON body. The example available presents how to create a PayPal payment agreement that overrides merchant preferences and shipping fee and tax information.
 The PayPal Billing Plans API allows creating subscriptions and recurring payments for goods and services. It is available in REST architecture with JSON callbacks. With Billing Plans, developers can create and update plans according to merchant's preferences.
 The TransferWise Payouts API provides domestic and international business payouts in more than 40 currencies. There are no setup fees, and funds are converted at the mid-market exchange rate. This API is available to businesses registered in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man, Jersey, Guernsey, EEA countries (EU, Iceland, Liechtestein, Norway), Switzerland, Pakistan, India, and the Philippines.
 The Noodlio Pay API simplifies the integration of payments acceptance portals in websites and apps. Its RESTful architecture allows apps to initiate instant API requests for validating input data and applying charges on purchases made on a website. The API uses Stripe to expedite the instantaneous transfer of funds to destination accounts. It sends requests in JSON or HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format.
 The Payfort REST API integrates payments into merchant applications in the Middle East. JSON formats are available to perform callbacks that display amount, customer, language, payment and signature in return.
 The Mollie Refunds API integrates refunds for a payment profile with API Key or for an organization with OAuth. JSON formats are available to perform callbacks that include amount, description, and metadata as methods.
 The Mollie Subscriptions API integrates the subscription of users to automatically deduct from the Mollie balance. Developers can refer to the example available with requests and responses in JSON format.
 The Yodlee eBills REST API allows developers to access and integrate the eBills functionality with other applications. The Yodlee eBills API opens up online bill paying capabilities to offer customers the opportunity to pay bills online with electronic or paper check payments. Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses.
 The Standard Chartered API provides access to corporate banking services such as payments, balances and reference data. It returns the various types of “Account Balances” applicable for the specified Account Number, Account Detail and Balance as well as finds all support transaction types for a given account. This includes; Accounts, Bank Code Inquiry, Holiday Calendar Inquiry and more. Standard Chartered is an international banking group, committed to building a sustainable business that provides a wide-range of products and services for personal and business customers across 71 countries.
iban-swift/bic-validation didn't extract the description
 PandaPay offers a donation platform that features integrated payment gateway, ACH processing, crowdfunding support, and PCI-DSS compliance. The PandaPay API uses POST for donation objects, customer objects, and grant objects. API Keys are required for authentication, and JSON is used for data exchange. PandaPay charges 1% of all donations as main fee. Also, 2.9% + 30¢ per donation for credit and debit transactions, and 25¢ per donation for ACH transfers. However, discounts are available for high-volume platforms, and for public charities using the API.
 Ubivar offers fraud detection and financial risk tools that help eMerchants in detecting and verifying payments. Ubivar features self-learning risk score, blacklist update automation, and multiple payment feeds. The API allows to request data in bulk, and can be used to list transactions, accounts, and login times. The Ubivar API is REST based, and returns JSON data.
 The Payoneer REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Payoneer with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://www.payoneer.com/en/products/integrated-payments-api/. Payoneer is an online payment platform that allows companies to pay and receive payments cross borders and sell things in local currencies.
 Payment Rails is the next-generation API-first payouts platform that enables businesses to send payments to any individual or company in over 220 countries, in any currency and to any payment method. Through its powerful API businesses can access Payment Rails’ global banking, international ACH, faster payment systems and real-time networks, on a pay-as-you-go basis with no setup costs.
Payment Rails simplifies global mass payouts for online marketplaces, on-demand and share economy platforms, ad networks, affiliate platforms, app stores, and growing businesses with international payout needs.
 The OpenFinTech API integrates financial data into commercial applications. It is available in REST architecture with JSON formats.
Developers can use the open database to create applications with companies, currencies, banks, and payment features. OpenFinTech.io helps financial companies communicate in one language.
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based solution that supports the validation and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers (IBAN). The platform provides access to the Reverse SORT code – that is, a web-based real-time interface for identifying and validating SORT codes. The IBAN Sort Code Validation API simplifies the deployment of the SORT code verification functionality through add-on modules. Simple calls are sufficient for developers to access and integrate the SORT code functionality in the applications. This API returns responses in JSON and XML formats.
 The MasterCard Digital Enablement Service (MDES) is a data interchange platform for generating and managing secure digital payment tokens. The MasterCard MDES Customer Service API allows developers to deploy B2B resources that support the implementation of problem resolution portals for consumer generated queries regarding the usage of digital cards. It features functionalities that allow issuers to resolve issues of digitization, transaction processing, and lifecycle events associated with tokenized queries from consumers.
The scope of this API is restricted to B2B deployment; its provider cautions against deploying the API in B2C applications. Moreover, the API’s design restricts its processing capabilities to single token enquiries channeled by issuer customer care representatives rather than high volume token batches.
 The Aplazame API offers tools for integrating instant financial capabilities with existing eCommerce applications. The platform simplifies financial methods by connecting a checkout environment with a credit payment solution. The API offers data in JSON format, and supports GET requests. Aplazame is a Madrid based financial company that improves conversion rates and sales.
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based portal for real-time identification, validation, and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers (IBAN). This platform uses algorithmic formulas to determine the validity of an IBAN. The IBAN Validation API allows user to query the existence and validity of IBANs using check digits. It provides access to many other features including the validation of domestic bank code, IBAN issuer, and country-specific IBAN length, code, and structure as well as the issuing bank’s address. Developers can use simple HTTP GET or POST requests to initiate the automation of IBAN validation processes. The API supports JSON and XML-formatted requests and responses.
 The Microsoft Payment Request API is supported by Microsoft Edge and allows users to interact with a payment request UI, update a payment request, complete a purchase, and abort a payment request. Some of the information in the API's documentation refers to the pre-release product, which may change significantly prior to commercial release.
mastercard-fraud-scoring-for-merchants didn't extract the description
 The MasterCard Digital Enablement Service (MDES) is a data interchange platform for generating and managing secure digital payment tokens. The MasterCard MDES Pre-Digitization API supports the transmission of MDES-supported web requests and responses between card issuers and cardholders. Its integration allows MDES Issuers to return JSON-formatted responses to requests submitted by, or on half of, cardholders.
 The PayTM API integrates payments features into mobile e-commerce applications. It is available with JSON formats to verify and manage transactions, refunds, 2FA. PayTM is an e-commerce company based in India that processes mobile payments of electronics, men's and women's apparel, home and kitchen items, cars and bikes equipment, musical instruments, and books, music, and movies.
 The TM Forum Prepay Balance Management API supports the development of access, top-up, and fund transfer functionalities for prepaid accounts. It allows operators to create portals through which subscribers can access account balances or recharge accounts in addition to performing other transactions such as transferring funds to other user accounts. This API is still a beta release. It sends requests in URI Query/CRUD format and returns responses in JSON format.
 The MXMerchant API available by invite code can integrate payments into merchant applications, aiming to simplify inventory, rewards, and order management with a dashboards' view. The REST interface is available with HTTP requests to receive JSON and XML formats, authenticating with basic HTTP. Sandbox and cURL examples are accessible for developers interested in practicing before moving to production.
 The Telleroo API disburses funds through bank transfers to an application. It is available with Swagger framework and JSON formats to implement transfers, payments, and funds. Token is required to authenticate.
 The EquityBank Transactions API integrates payment into banking applications. With JSON as formar and token as authentication, developers can purchase airtime, transfer money, get payment status, and create merchant payments.
 The SellerCloud API supports the development of web-based ordering and inventory management apps. Developers can also use the API to integrate the SellerCloud platform to their third-party applications such as ordering, shipping, purchasing, catalog, and inventory applications. This API is readily compatible with third-party application because it operates on a SOAP-based web service.
 The SlimPay REST API can process payments over HTTP, returning responses in JSON and HAL formats. Features include Mandate Signature, Direct Debit, and Card Payment. SlimPay provides payments for subscriptions using a recurring payment solution.
 This API allows you to get crypto tokens without a manual transaction sent from your wallet. It is a forwarding service that allows you to make a single transaction and receive an email notification when your entire distribution list has received their tokens. Tokenly gives acces to Tokens, a digital representation of exchange for trading cards, songs, movies, games, loyalty points, memberships and more.
 The Mondido Payments API allows developers to integrate online payments into their websites and mobile applications. Mondido Payments is a Swedish online payment system that accepts a variety of payment methods, including PayPal, MasterPass, invoice, Swish (a Swedish e-commerce payment system), direct bank payments, Visa, MasterCard, and other cards, such as Amex and Dankort. It can handle both one-time and recurring payments.
 The Paystack REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Paystack with other applications. Some example API methods include managing customers, managing payments, and managing transactions. Paystack is an online payments platform that allows users to accept one-time and recurring payments online and via mobile.
 The Paylike API allows developers to accept payments online using Visa or MasterCard. Paylike is an online payment service that works with any screen or device, including mobile devices and tablets. Paylike can handle both single and recurring transactions in 47 currencies. Paylike provides payment links, a virtual POS, and a complete test environment for integration.
 The Blackbaud SKY API provides customers and partners access to open, industry-standard REST APIs allowing them to customize, integrate or extend functionality of Blackbaud solutions for fundraising and relationship management, digital marketing, advocacy, accounting, payments, analytics, school management, grant management, corporate social responsibility, and volunteerism.
Blackbaud has been serving the social good industry for more than three decades andis the world's leading cloud software company powering social good. Serving the entire social good community—nonprofits, foundations, corporations, education institutions, and individual change agents—Blackbaud connects and empowers organizations to increase their impact through software, services, expertise, and data intelligence.
 The Square Register iOS API mediates communication between iOS apps and Square’s payments processing apps. The API’s provider is the vendor of Square payments processing hardware that include the Square contactless and chip reader. Developers can choose between the Android and iOS versions of the Square Register API, although the Android option provides access to only native apps while the iOS option provides access to both web and native apps. The API that requires OAuth 2.0 authorization transmits requests and responses in HTTP and JSON formats.
 The InvoiceNinja API integrates invoicing and emailing into web services, providing clientID, page, and serializer as optional methods. JSON format is available for callbacks with PHP SDK as an API facilitator.
 The ProcessOut REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ProcessOut with other applications. The main API methods revolve around accepting and processing payments. Other API methods include managing recurring payments and subscriptions and issuing refunds. ProcessOut offers international payment and subscription solutions for online payments.
 The Orange Money Web Payment API boosts e-commerce in Africa by offering users services to accept online payments. With this API, Orange Money merchants can benefit from other services for web payment as well, such as tax collection, school fees, donations, and more. This API can be easily integrated. Access to the Orange Money Web Payment API must be requested by applying at: https://partner.orange.com/apply-orange-money/. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 The Orange Direct Carrier Billing Europe API provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue across Europe. This API can be integrated easily into the payment process, and is for digital goods or services for micro-payments. Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Europe API must be requested by filling out the form at: https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-billing/. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 Orange Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue in Africa and the Middle-East. This API can be integrated easily into the payment process. Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East API must be requested by filling out the form at: https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-carrier-billing-in-mea/. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 The CMS Quality Payment Submissions API is a RESTful service that enables submissions and real-time performance scoring of Quality Payment Program (QPP) data. API responses can be returned in JSON or XML, including errors.
 The CMS Quality Payment Advancing Care Information API allows developers to get a list of all measures for the Advancing Care Information category, which is one of four performance categories in the Quality Payment Program. It is replacing the Meaningful Use program that currently exists. This API supports the Quality Payment Program provided by the CMS (Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services).
 The CMS Quality Payment Improvement Activities API allows developers to get a complete list of Improvement Activities, one of the four performance categories for the Quality Payment Program. This API requires no input and returns a full list of improvement activities. This API supports the Quality Payment Program provided by the CMS (Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services).
 The Ooyala Ecommerce API operates as a payments platform for Ooyala’s Revenue Builder project. It allows developers to simplify the processing of payments and allocation of entitlements to users. It processes and validates payments using a custom billing vendor, in addition to managing product catalogues and handling entitlements using the Vindicia Cashbox and Ooyala Rights Locker, respectively. The Ooyala Ecommerce API conveys JSON-formatted requests and responses.
 Pay.nl is a Netherlands based payment processing firm that assembles different payment options into one platform. Pay.nl offers several features such as 2-way processing, multiple bank accounts, in-store payments, and SMS solutions for chat and subscriptions. The Pay.nl API provides over 250 functions related to payment processing. Registration is required to access documentation. Web content in Dutch language. Technical support available by email at support@pay.nl
 The CMSOnline API in agreement with USAePay Solutions, integrate merchant payments into applications. Developers can access a SOAP interface with libraries in PHP, JavaScript, ColdFusion, Ruby, .NET, and Perl, requesting HTTP GET calls to receive XML responses in return.
 The Lime Light CRM API integrates customer memberships into applications. It aims to automate selling processes, by providing JSON protocols using HTTPS POST as request format. Developers can use Lime Light to target direct response advertiser interested in marketing strategies integrations.
 The PayEx API can access user account information and initiate functionality for payment purposes. Based in the Scandinavian region, developers can benefit from the technical reference that includes XML parser for orders, merchants, purchases, and verifications.
Editors' note: There is one WSDL file per API resource. This profile only connects to one of those files. Be sure to look for the others on the provider's developer portal.
 The Domain Connect PayTM API provides a protocol to connect service providers such as PayTM with domain name services. The API allows developers to configure PayTM features with domain names and services. The Domain Connect protocol was developed by GoDaddy to serve as an open standard protocol to help developers and users bridge features from service providers with domain name providers.
india-goods-and-service-tax-(gst) didn't extract the description
 The Ingo Money Push Pay API integrates payments into applications, providing pre-printed payroll, government checks, and mobile check deposits. For additional information about authentication, requests, and responses, ask for help@ingomoney.com
 The Funkbit Splitabill API allows users to monitor and share bill expenses. Developers can use any of the programming languages, such as Java, Python, JavaScrip, and Ruby, to integrate the RESTful API into payment applications. This API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format. The current version of the API is a beta release.
 The CardConnect API integrates payments into transactional web services. It is available in REST architecture with HTTP verbs, CURD functions, and JSON responses. In addition, it provides endpoints to authorize, capture, void, and inquire funds.
 This API has anti-fraud capability that allows merchants to submit additional data with an authorization request. Risk-decisioning helps to decrease fraud, improve approval rates, and reduce the cost of doing business by providing a mechanism to increase the level of fraud detection during the authorization process. Merchants submit the available information before processing the authorization. American Express is a global service company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that build business.
 AFEX API is designed for businesses that want to make frequent payments. By accessing our Payment Engine via our API, it allows customers to automate their end-to-end payment processes and rapidly deliver tailor-made solutions for our customers’ business directly. Payments are sent through AFEX’s intermediary banks, payment channels and are bound by applicable laws, regulations, clearing house rules or payment processing procedures.
 Particeep offers integration with a financial and banking platform that supports data collection and analysis, virtual wallet with online payments, data flow aggregation, chat, and document management. The Particeep API supports fundraiser management, payments, newsfeed, and subscriptions. Additionally Particeep offers a webhook based event notification system. This API is REST based, and uses JSON for responses.
 The Sage Direct API brings Sage Payments to a whole new level with its full suite of products and services. Using this API, developers can integrate healthcare, retail, e-commerce, and more with the Sage Direct features. Sage Payment Solutions is a full service payment provider, offered through Sage, providing services for businesses and human resource professionals.
 This API allows you to; purchase products on the MTX platform, supports purchasing products managed by an external catalog system and purchasing products managed by the MTX platform with one-click checkout or shopping cart checkout. This includes; Offerless Checkout, One Click Direct Checkout and Cart Checkout. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API provides the functionality to create and organize products for purchase and allows creating one or more categories. A category can be used to group similar product offers and includes; Category Import, Get Property, Get Offer and more. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API is used with a funds transfer to/from a Visa payment account to determine key characteristics of a recipient card before initiating the transfer like country, card-type, block status and more. It has been enhanced to query PullFundsTransactions(AFT) and PushFundsTransactions(OCT) eligibility (both domestic and cross-border) for multiple U.S. debit networks. This includes Attributes Inquiry and Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry. The two APIs take the primary account number as an input and return a variety of attributes associated with the payment account. This allows you to access both general attributes of the account and specific attributes that are needed to use a payment account as part of a funds transfer.
 Omise is a provider of intermediary financial and payments services. The Omise Webhooks API allows developers to integrate secure payments portals in web and mobile apps. Users can use the RESTful API to add payments option in websites for purposes of optimizing revenue receipts and automating payouts. The API consists of fortified security features that enhance the safety of card transactions. This API transmits JSON-formatted requests and responses.
 Amazon Gift Codes may be used to incentivize customers and employees or disburse payments. The Amazon Incentives API supports the requisition and distribution of the Amazon Gift Codes. Recipients can instantly redeem and use their rewards to shop on the Amazon. Developers can also use the different functional and automation features of the API to streamline inventory management and enhance operational efficiency. The API’s documentation is accessible upon signing up for an account through a link provided at its portal homepage. The signup is a simple registration process that allows developers to access administrative and technical support from the Amazon Incentives team.
 This API can pull funds from the sender's Visa account in an Account Funding Transaction (AFT). It also provides functionality to push funds to the recipient's Visa account in an Original Credit Transaction (OCT). If a transaction is declined, the Funds Transfer API can also return the funds to the sender's funding source in an Account Funding Transaction Reversal (AFTR). Visa Direct allows you to push payments to eligible Visa accounts, fund transfers from a variety of sources and the ability to use APIs inside ATM’s, mobile, web, and in-branch applications. It is a payment service that lets people "push" money to over 1 billion Visa accounts through the Original Credit Transaction (OCT). Visa Direct consumer and business applications include: Money Transfer, Prepaid Load, Credit Card Bill Pay and Funds Disbursements.
amazon-in-app-purchasing didn't extract the description
payu|express didn't extract the description
 This API creates a PayU new payment after placing an appropriate form on your website, which will redirect the customer to the PayU NewPayment procedure. It is advised to use the POST method if possible, however, the GET method is also available. PayU is a Naspers-owned online and mobile payments company.
 The Satispay InStore API adds a new payment method in a store's cash register. This API is REST based, uses JSON for requests, and API Keys for authentication. For pricing, Satispay charges a flat rate of €0.20 for transactions above €10. Satispay is an online payment platform based in Milan that offers in-store payments, custom payment links, and e-commerce support.
 The Satispay Online API adds a dedicated payment method in third party applications or websites. This API is REST based, uses JSON for requests, and API Keys for authentication. For pricing, Satispay charges a flat rate of €0.20 for transactions above €10. Satispay is an online payment platform based in Milan that offers in-store payments, custom payment links, and e-commerce support.
 This API for Merchantware services is split up among various domains and includes the following list of the various units composing: overview, credit transactions, vault transactions, EBT transactions, gift card transactions, LevelUp Transactions and more. Cayan is a provider of payment technologies and merchant account services.
 The Cayan Genius Transaction Processing API allows you to integrate payments into your shopping cart with Authorize.Net. It provides a way for a business to collect payment information and run transactions through the Virtual Terminal. This includes Genius Certification Script, Implementation Review Outline, EMV Response message field and value documentation and more. Cayan is a leading provider of payment technologies and merchant account services.
Please note that you must contact the Certification team if you intend to use HTTPS to make requests. For greater details on network configuration, see the FAQ article "How should my network be configured to work with Cayan's services".
 This API allows you to display line item level data on the Genius CED. Cayan provides a way for business to collect payment information and run transactions through the Virtual Terminal. This includes; Genius Certification Script, Implementation Review Outline, EMV Response message field and value documentation and more. Cayan is a provider of payment technologies and merchant account services.
 This API allows you to create your own booking interface from the simplest widget to a multifunctional application, with functionality customized according to your specific business. Simplybook uses the JSON-RPC 2.0 protocol and returns employees, locations and more. Simplybook.me is a booking system for service providers including; dentists, medical services, hair & beauty salons, repair services, event planners, rental agencies, educational services and more.
 The Aptexx Mobile Payments API provides developers a simple, mobile-optimized PCI-compliant payment processing system right out of the box. With this API, customers are given more payment options. Aptexx is a mobile payment and messaging service that works to empower property managers and residents with their services.
 The GoldStar Trust Crowdpay API integrates payments into applications. It is targeted to investors interested in crowdfunding offerings. Available in JSON architecture with token as authentication.
 The W3C Web Payments HTTP API allows developers to register payment applications, create payment requests, and reply with payment responses. It allows web applications to initiate payments for products or services by serving an HTTP 402 Payment Required response along with sufficient data to start and complete the payment flow.
 The SPiD API integrates payments into applications, mainly located in Europe. Available with OAuth2 authentication, HTTP requests, and JSON responses.
 uCommerce built in .NET, is available as an 80/20 API with libraries and context classes. It integrates eCommerce features such as order, catalog, transaction, search, and marketing.
 This Javascript API allows you to access SimplePay, which can be used to create several types of payments for ecommerce. It has a custom integration that includes credit card and more. SimplePay's Gateway is an embeddable payment form for desktop and mobile devices.
 The NETELLER API supports the secure management and processing of online payments. The API’s RESTful orientation facilitates the deployment of resource-based URIs, effectively affording developers to simple implementation. Developers can use the endpoint for its sandbox environment to test the APIs integration prior to switching to its endpoint for live production. The API’s authentication and accessibility requires valid OAUTH2 token that must be supplied with each request. Its access token is obtainable from the NETELLER OAUTH2 endpoint. The proprietary API is a full release that is accompanies by sufficient documentation.
 The Captcha Coin API allows developers to integrate Bitcoin wallet and Bitcoin pay captcha services into their websites and applications. A pay captcha is an alternative form of captcha that accepts payments and can be used to secure content and services for paid access. Both the wallet and captcha services are provided for free.
 This API manages all of your interactions with credit card processors, financial institutions and alternative payment providers. Examples are available in ASP and PHP. Connect works in PayOnly mode, collects a minimum set of information for the transaction. PayPlus Mode, the gateway also collects a full set of billing information and FullPay Mode, collects all available information including; billing, shipping and more. AIB Merchant Services is a provider of payment solutions, with operations in Ireland and Britain, and with card processing capabilities throughout continental Europe.
 This SAOP API provides access to a central location where you can manage everything related to transaction processing with Authipay. Run secure transactions yourself, set up your web site to run transactions for you, review transaction reports and more. Languages available in English, Dutch, French, German, Italian and Portuguese. AIB Merchant Services is a provider of payment solutions, with operations in Ireland and Britain, and with card processing capabilities throughout continental Europe.
 This SOAP API allows you to connect your application with the First Data Internet Payment Gateway. The AIB Authipay API offers you a way to accept online payments using 3D Secure, a payments industry authentication standard for internet/eCommerce purchases. AIB Merchant Services is a provider of payment solutions, with operations in Ireland and Britain, and with card processing capabilities throughout continental Europe.
 This API enables the user to run transactions in a credit card present (CP) or credit card not present (CNP) environment using Worldpay. Functionality includes customer management tools for managing payment accounts and the ability to enable recurring billing to automatically bill customers at specified intervals. Worldpay is a partner in payments processing that helps businesses accept all payment types in-person, online and on-the-go.
 The Flutterwave API is a new payment solution that allows anyone in Africa to accept payments - essentially Paypal for Africa. Available in JSON architecture with secure HTTPS protocol.
 The Cloud Elements Payments Hub API provides developers with integrated access to leading cloud-based online payment and subscription billing services such as Chargebee, Stripe, Chargify, and Expensify. This allows developers to use uniform API calls to manage their customers, subscriptions, and transactions across multiple cloud payment services.
 The PayPlug API integrates payments into websites. It allows to notify customers about new refunds. Requests and responses are available in JSON format with API Key authentication.
 The Ingenico Server API allows developers to access payments, payouts, products, product groups, refunds, risk assessments, and more from their own applications. Ingenico ePayments is an online payment processing and data analytics service that allows users to handle online payments as well as make sense of the data associated with them.
 The Ingenico Client API allows developers to integrate Ingenico ePayments hosted data into their mobile phones, browsers, and apps. These API calls require a session ID that can be created using the Ingenico Server API. Ingenico ePayments is an online payment processing and data analytics service that allows users to handle online payments as well as make sense of the data associated with them.
 KYC SiteScan allows developers to automate the Know Your Customer, and Know Your Vendor data collection and reporting processes. The product was developed to meet the needs of the payments industry and adheres closely to the KYC and underwriting requirements specified by the Electronic Transactions Association (ETA) merchant underwriting guidelines. The API offers customer enrollment, underwriting, and compliance automation methods. KYC SiteScan offers an intelligent crawl of a prospect's web presence that searches for prohibited and required content. KYC SiteScan also gathers information from many government and consumer sources to help clients such as merchant processors, banks, and companies who need to perform due diligence on their business customers an automated way to do so.
 The Align Commerce API integrates payments via email. Developers can access with OAuth2 to make HTTP requests. Actions include issuing an access token, create new products, and list merchant invoices. Align Commerce is an ecommerce payment service provider (PSP).
 You can use the SatoshiPay API to make digital goods like articles, images, video/audio and downloadable files available for purchase using the SatoshiPay widget. SatoshiPay is a nanopayment / bitcoin payment platform for web content.
 The Incomm Agent Solutions QPay API integrates the Incomm Agent Solutions payments processing interface into the point-of-sale (POS) transactional platforms of authorized vendors. The API is a full release that is accompanied by its latest documentation version.
 The BINFind API determines the bank, type, and country of an issued card using it's first 6 digits (BIN number). Available in JSON and XML formats with GET and URL as API usage.
 Payment Savvy is a payment processing provider that offers ACH, credit card support, and online payment gateway. Additionally, it supports chargeback protection, recurring billing, and pay by texting. The Payment Savvy API integrates this platform with third party applications, and offers low rates and free payment processing using a convenience fee model.
 Alternative Payments is an eCommerce payment provider based in California which features a Smart Button that automatically displays the consumer's local payment solutions. This platform offers direct debit, bank transfer, and credit transfer options. The Alternative Payments REST API offers integration with a real time payment acceptance method. JSON is used for data exchange, and HTTP Basic Auth for authentication.
 MONEI is a payment gateway focused on the European market, and offers an AWS EC2 PCI compliant infrastructure. Prices are per transaction, and differ if the card used is European or non European. Additionally, customized pricing is available if transactions sum up to over €100,000 a month. MONEI offers its REST API which facilitates integration with MONEI's platform, and frontend widgets. JSON is used for data exchange, and HTTP Basic Auth for authentication.
 The Bucky Box API simplifies the integration of shopping carts for third-party sites. Users can also embed it as a turnkey system for channeling new customers along with new orders into the Bucky Box ecommerce platform for food distribution. The API is a full release and well documented version that requires authorized access through an API Key. Developers must contact the API provider to access the instructions for purchasing API Keys.
 ChargeIO is an Austin based payment processing platform for ACH and credit card payments. The Merchant API is used to access and edit merchant and accounts information, and it allows accepting and refunding payments to bank accounts and cards. Additionally, secure storage and customer information retrieval are supported. This API uses JSON for data exchange, and Tokens for authentication.
 The Flipkart Books Category Feed API allows users to add a feed of top selling Flipkart books affiliate links to applications to help monetize apps. Flipkart is an online shopping portal based in India for clothing, furniture, electronics, books, and sporting goods.
 The Allmyles Double Clutch Payment API intends to provide online players to integrate bookable travel content to your web or native application as well as allows your audience to purchase travel services without any travel industry specific legal and technical prerequisites.
 The RavelinAPI is a real-time fraud detection and prevention solution for web-based payment platforms. It must be integrated through a three-phase procedure that begins with events and followed by backfill and banning, respectively. The events interface sends real time data Ravelin while the backfill interface tracks users’ historical data to aid tailoring of service delivery to customer-specific profiles. Banning, on the other hand, enables the blacklisting and blocking of transactions from suspicious customers. The fraud detection API transmits requests and responses in JSON format. It is currently a full release that comes with detailed documentation.
 The Digitzs REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Digitzs with other applications. Some example API methods include managing merchants, managing and accepting payments, and managing customers. Digitzs provides payment processing tools for applications and platforms so users can accept payments in applications and on platforms.
 The ChartMogul Metrics API integrates metrics into applications and web services. It is available in JSON protocol with secure HTTPS. Authentication is required via account token and secret key. ChartMogul is a subscription revenue analytics platform that integrates with Stripe, Braintree, Recurly and Chargify and others.
 The ChartMogul Enrichment API integrates enrichment features into applications and web services. It is available in JSON protocol with secure HTTPS. Authentication is required via account token and secret key. ChartMogul is a subscription revenue analytics platform that integrates with Stripe, Braintree, Recurly and Chargify and others.
 The ChartMogul Import API integrates data sources, customers, plans, and invoices into business applications. It is available in JSON protocol with secure HTTPS. Authentication is required via account token and secret key. ChartMogul is a subscription revenue analytics platform that integrates with Stripe, Braintree, Recurly and Chargify and others.
 The Payleven Point Pay API integrates payments into web services and mobile applications. It provides multi-channel developer support and EMV/PCI certified bluetooth card reader. Contact Sign up to receive API Key at https://service.payleven.com/uk/developer?product=pointpay
 The Square Register Android API mediates communication between Android apps and Square’s payments processing apps. The API’s provider is the vendor of Square payments processing hardware that include the Square contactless and chip reader. Developers can choose between the Android and iOS versions of the Square Register API, although the Android option provides access to only native apps while the iOS option provides access to both web and native apps. The API that requires OAuth 2.0 authorization transmits requests and responses in HTTP and JSON formats.
 The W3C Payment Request API integrates payment methods into merchants' applications. Callbacks are available via JSON and token and system-level are required to authenticate.
 The Transpay Mass Payout API allows developers to integrate straight-through processing for payouts into their applications. The API can process and distribute funds in real time in the recipient's local currency, without the need for intermediaries or the SWIFT wire network. Transpay can deliver payouts via direct-to-bank transfers or to one of 250,000+ pickup locations.
 FitPay offers payment processing enabled by user biometric information. Consumers will not be required to carry cash, credit cards or even a smartphone when integrating this API. This payment platform works by authenticating with unique biometric patterns by using wearables, and features PCI Level 1 compliant encryption, and true touch-free payments. Developers need to register in order to access API documentation.
 The CURO Payments API allows merchants to integrate payment functions into their own online shops and services. CURO Payments is a company regulated by the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) that specializes in handling financial transactions between customers and online retailers. They also provide services to companies involved in online payments and e-commerce. The CURO Payments website is offered in both Dutch and English.
 The Payment Gateway API by Helcim connects businesses in Canada and the USA with credit card processing services. Accept online payments in the form of Interac Visa, Interac Debit, Visa, American Express, MasterCard, Discover Network, Union Pay and other popular forms of payment. Helcim is a credit card transactional service based in Calgary, Canada.
 Bitwage is an international payroll service that can deliver wages in digital or local currency. For individual wages, it offers Bitcoin payments, bank wire transfers, money savings in currency or commodities, and a refillable debit card. For team wages, it offers the mentioned services plus an API. The Bitwage API can be used to deliver international freelancer payments. This API exchanges data in JSON format, and uses API Keys for authentication.
 The Avaza API Allows programmable access to contacts, projects, tasks, invoices, and taxes. It is available in JSON and REST protocol with OAuth2 authentication. Avaza provides project management, invoicing, and other services to organize client-focused businesses.
 The PayTraq API allows developers to programmatically access their clients, suppliers, employees, items, warehousing, sales, purchases, inventory moves, payments, and accounting from a single interface. PayTraq is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) service for business owners, organizers, and accountants. They provide a cloud-based business suite that includes accounting and bookkeeping services.
 NuaPay API allows merchants to collect payments using the SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) Direct Debit payment method and to integrate this payment method into their systems. To implement, add the Mandate and the Direct Debit Schedule. Protocols available in HTTP, JSON, and REST. Access with authentication via basic authentication, Key, and OAuth2.
 Noble Web Studio is a web development agency. Their Recharge Solution allows both B2B and B2C recharge services. The Noble Recharge API integrates payments into applications in JSON format. Recharge services aim to make the profit with the implementation of electricity, gas, and energy billing.
 North American Bancard (NAB) is a payment processing platform designed to be developer friendly. This platform offers multi currency support, recurrent billing, virtual terminal, Apple Pay support, and fraud prevention. The Velocity API is used for full integration with Velocity Managed Commerce Services Platform which offers eCommerce, Mobile, and Back Office payment support. This API can be integrated by using REST or SOAP protocols, uses Tokens for authentication, and returns data in JSON or XML formats.
 MultiWebPay is a payment service provider that offers multiple payment solutions for websites or applications. Payment methods include PayPal, Debit Cards, Bitcoin, Payza, Wire Transfers, Credit Cards and many more. MultiWebPay demonstrates how to integrate payments into merchant applications on the main API guide site. API methods include donation, subscription, price, values, and payment forms.
 CoinSecure is an API that aims to provide developers with a secure way to facilitate transactions with Bitcoin. The API intends to offer features such as security, trade free exchanges, and platform support.
 The Square Connect API is a money management tool for developers that allows for the management of transactions, sales, reporting and inventory. Square offers multiple APIs that all aim to provide snycing capabilities, sales reporting, and employee management for iOS platforms.
 The Omise API integrates payments and refunds features into mobile applications. Developers can implement by working with REST format and authenticate with token. Omise provides guides to interact with cards, transfers, and banks. Omise is a payment service for Southeast Asia, based in Thailand.
 The JusPay API integrates payments into mobile applications. Protocols include JSON and REST. Developers can authenticate with Key. JusPay is a mobile payments company whose featured products include a payments browser, a checkout application and instant Buy services.
 The GCX.io API allows developers to integrate the ability to invest, trade, or pay with gold into their websites and applications. GCX allows users to possess "digital gold" that is fully backed by LBMA-approved physical gold. Users' gold holdings are auditable against physical bullion reserves held by Brinks at their facility in London, Heathrow.
 CommerceJS is a powerful, cross device eCommerce API for developers and designers. CommerceJS allows developers to rapidly integrate checkout and product display functions into their own websites and applications. CommerceJS is powered by Chec, a service designed to make it easier for people to sell physical products, digital goods, and services online. Core features of the API include; built in fulfillment, tax support, fraud protection, payment gateways, order management, checkouts and helper functions.
As a developer or designer you no longer need to compromise the design and functionality of your eCommerce solution as CommerceJS fits around your design and code. Choose to only enable the features and functionality you need for your project and rapidly implement the solution. As we are a cloud based service, once you're done with development you can hand off the project and let us take care of any updates or changes that need to be made.
All of our API’s are designed to work either alone or with each other. Our API’s are organized around REST and are designed to have predictable, resource-oriented URLs that use HTTP response codes to indicate API errors.
We're building the plumbing for eCommerce with our modular, decentralized approach to eCommerce solutions.
 CardPay's Payment API is a payment management platform where users can receive payments and check payment statuses. The API can operate via directing customers to CardPay’s "Payment Page" or to a merchants "External Payment Page". Both methods are managed and verified by CardPay. CardPay is PCI DSS certified and compliant and all connections are secured through Thawte DV SSL certificates.
 The Switch Payments API is an integrated payment platform. The Switch Payments API allows users to accept payments from upwards of 200 different Alternative Payment Methods (APM) from anywhere in the world. Users can create new payments, authorize or refund payments, check payments status, etc. Switch Payments API is available in 44 countries including the US, Canada, Europe, and parts of Asia. Client libraries include Python, Ruby, Php, Node and Java.
 The AnywhereCommerce REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AnywhereCommerce with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. AnywhereCommerce provides merchants payment platforms and online point-of-sale (POS) functionality and support.
 The Paga Business REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Paga with other applications. Some example API methods include registering customers, transferring money, and managing payments. Paga is an online payment, banking, and airtime/data purchasing platform.
 The Gerencianet API allows developers to integrate its services for handling billing, payments, and receipts into their own applications. Gerencianet is a Brazilian intermediary payments company that allows users to issue bills or payment books to their customers and to get receipts for payments received. The Gerencianet website and API documentation are provided solely in Portuguese.
 ArsenalPay is a payment processing platform based in Russia. It features payment module integration, mobile notification tools, mobile integration, and social network support. Also, ArsenalPay offers several rates for legal entities, and individuals. For security, it offers load protection, network vulnerability scanning, and system logfile analysis. Developers need to register to access API documentation.
 The Bitrefill API allows developers to programmatically send money to prepaid phones around the world to purchase additional minutes. Payments through the API are made in Bitcoins. This API currently has support for over 600 operators in 143 different countries. Withdrawing funds is instant and topup usually occurs within 10 minutes.
 The SnapScan API is a RESTful-like API that provides authentication, error codes, pagination,and webhooks for developers utilizing the API's services. The SnapScan API provides tools for generating QR codes and URL structures, can query the status of payments that were made against merchant accounts, and mark the end of transaction periods and query all payments completed within associated periods. SnapScan is a mobile payments platform based in Cape Town, South Africa.
 OpenACH is a South Dakota payment processing system provider. EasyOFAC is an OFAC compliance platform which features layered fuzzy search to avoid false positives. Also, it provides real time monitoring for ongoing compliance, and guided compliance workflow. This API is is REST based, returns data in JSON format, and uses API keys for authentication.
 PayMaya is a financial company located in Philippines that develops online payment solutions. PayMaya tailors its services to businesses that cannot accept credit card payments, and functions as an intermediary. The Checkout API offers merchants a way to accept online payments, and also offers an express checkout feature. This API is REST based and the developer will require an API key.
 The Merchant Warrior API allows to integrate credit card payment solutions into merchant's applications. Documentation is available for download in the link provided as a PDF file, in which developers can find protocols in HTTP & XML, SSL security and Api Key access. Merchant Warrior is an e-commerce service based in Australia.
 The ePay Payment Solutions API allows to integrate payments into web services in SOAP protocol. Originally from Denmark, ePay additionally provides invoicing and subscription alternatives. To read documentation, visit http://tech.epay.dk/en/payment-web-service
 The PayU API allows to integrate payments into web services and mobile applications in JSON and REST protocols. Resources present how to create a new order via API, update notifications, and send refunds to the buyer's account. Developers require a Key to authenticate.
 Clever Banking API is a banking platform; send and receive Euros, Dollars, and Bitcoin. CleverCoin's API is partnered with all major payment channels including: Visa, Mastercard, Sepa, Ideal, and Bitcoin. The Clever Banking API offers fraud protection, Bitcoin conversion, multi-signature transfers, and is compliant with European Regulations. API documentation can be obtained through contacting CleverCoin.
 The HotspotSystem.com API allows to implement hotspot features into mobile applications and to bill for internet usage. Protocols available in JSON and XML with SSL, basic HTTP, and Api Key as authentication methods. HotspotSystem provides hotspot management and billing ability to businesses who offer internet to their customers.
 The Heartland Payment Systems API allows to integrate payments and billing functionalities into web services. Tokens and keys available to authenticate. Also accessible examples in C#, PHP, Java, Ruby, Python, and Node.js. Industries that can benefit from integration include restaurants, education K-12, retail, campus, grocery, parking, laundry, and petroleum. Heartland provides payroll, gift cards, point of sale, mobile payments, school solutions, school nutrition, and mobile ordering services.
 The PayPal Express Checkout API allows merchants to streamline the checkout process. When customers check out, they are redirected to Paypal.com from the merchant's site and then returned to the merchant's site for payment confirmation. Developers will need to have a PayPal merchant account in order to use this service.
 The Paysera Notification API allows developers to receive notifications from account events. Parameters include credit, currency, amount, beneficiary, and payment. A PHP library is available to support integration, in addition to JSON and REST protocols, which are part of Paysera Wallet API. Paysera provides secured and easy online money transfers via mobile phones.
 The Khipu API allows developers integrate the ability to create charges and receive payments into their own websites and applications. Khipu is a Bolivian payment system that is based on simplified bank transfers. It is designed for use by both businesses and individuals. The website and API documentation are provided in Spanish.
 The Make It Social Product REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Make It Social Product with other applications. Some example API methods include creating a new product, managing products, and creating webhooks. Make It Social provides users and travel providers tools to arrange and book group travel.
 The GoCardless Pro API allows developers to integrate a recurring payment system and is targeted to enterprises in Europe. API documentation includes how to make requests, time zones/dates, cursor pagination, response codes, and errors. Formats are available in JSON. Developers can authenticate with an API Key.
 The Peanut Labs allows developers to integrate publishing features into web projects. Once added, users will be able to engage with ad campaigns and surveys from Peanut Labs. The API provides requests in HTTP and responses in JSON and JSONP, and is accessible with a Key. PeanutLabs is based in San Francisco, California and offers monetization services targeted for websites and mobile applications.
 The Peanut Labs Monetization API allows developers to increase revenue by inviting users to the reward center. The reward platform allows website users participating in Loyalty, E-commerce and gaming websites to earn valuable incentives in exchange for their engagement with surveys or campaigns. Requests available in HTTP and responses in JSON & JSONP. Authentication with Api Key.
 The PayTabs API allows to integrate payments features into web services, providing JSON and REST protocols accessible with an Api Key. In addition to payments, PayTabs offers eCommerce and invoicing services in the Middle East.
 The Hyperwallet Payout API brings developers an efficient and accessible platform for executing payouts to a globally dispersed workforce. This API provides the tools needed to quickly and securely make payments to everyone on the workforce. Hyperwallet offers payouts with flexibility, freedom, and on-demand tracking.
 The Payfirma Push API integrates transactions in real-time with messages in JSON protocol & HTTP POST methods. In particular, the interface will display the previous 10 responses when it's visible in the eCommerce settings. Payfirma offers web terminal, recurring billing, and tablet POS services.
 The SetPay API provides developers a quick and safe way to add payment options to the flow of an application. SetPay offers a new and convenient way to accept credit card payments at any time and anywhere, via a smartphone or tablet and the card reader of SetPay.
 The Picatic API gives users tools to sell tickets online, directly from your app or website. The Picatic API also provides the ability to quickly create new events, list events on your own website, create links to purchase tickets online, retrieve and store data from events, automatically add registrants to a CRM, send triggered emails based on actions, view attendee, order and survey information, and more. With this API, users get real-time access to reporting data and can create personalized reports. Picatic is a ticketing platform with a unique approach to let promoters create event pages to generate funding before events are booked.
 Synapse Payments software platform for banks and businesses makes storage and movement of value quick, easy and safe. From crowdfunding and recurring rent payments to lending and international remittances, SynapsePay's white label API allows you to on-board users, verify their identity and perform compliance checks then verify bank details to transact today and in the future. Pricing plans range from 5-20 cents / transactions + a subscription fee for features (https://synapsepay.com/pricing/).
 figo.io is the first Banking-as-a-Service in Europe. It enables access to every financial services provider through one API. With the figo Banking API developers can integrate the access to a bank account, the history of transactions, and the submission of payments. Authentication is available via OAuth2. Formats in JSON and REST allow to request and receive responses to retrieve bank accounts, modify bank accounts, and remove a PIN number from the server.
 The Invoiced API offers a billing and invoicing service which can be integrated with existing applications. It features subscription billing, billing portal, customizable templates, and account statements. This RESTful API responds in the JSON format. The authorization model uses HTTP Basic Auth. Invoiced is a cloud based company which develops accounts receivable tools for organizations of all sizes.
 ACH Solutions invites developers to become integrated partners. Payments, accounting, and baking are some of the features that can be implemented into web services and mobile applications via XML requester. ACH Solutions is a division of UMS Banking and provides a secure low cost alternative for web and mobile payment services.
 The ADP Payroll API brings developers tools for Payroll Management and Services. This includes Pay Statements and Distributions, Tax Statements, ATM Locators, Paycard Funding Initiation, and more. The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management. Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US, but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon. ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S.
 Komoju is a Japanese company focused on payments, eCommerce, and banking services. The API supports all payment methods in Japanese Yen(JPY), offering REST protocol and a hosted page for integrations. Developers can authenticate with HTTP basic auth to send requests and receive responses in JSON format.
 The Stripe Relay API offers a commercial platform to integrate with existing applications. This lets users buy products across different media such as tweets, and advertisements. The Stripe Relay API extends the capabilities of the Stripe API. The Relay API is REST based, and returns data in JSON format. It uses the API Key method for authentication. Stripe focuses on deliver systems that let businesses and private individuals accept online payments.
 The DusuPay Merchant API allows developers to integrate the DusuPay payment channel into their websites, which enables them to handle online payments for goods, services, and utilities in Africa. DusuPay allows customers to make purchases online without the need for a credit or debit card by using their DusuPay account or a Dusu voucher purchased at a physical store, such as a supermarket or gas station.
 E-Coin is a Bitcoin debit card & Multi-Sig Wallet that allows users to spend bitcoin anywhere. The E-Coin Account API allows developers to set up accounts for users. This API requires an account to develop with their API.
 The Kash REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kash with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving a list of available banks that work with Kash, sending banking credentials, and managing transactions. Kash is an online and mobile solution for direct debit payments for businesses.
 The Regalii REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Regalii with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving information about payments, managing payments, and managing accounts. Regalii is an online payment platform for paying international bills online.
 The Xfers Reseller REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications. Some example API methods include setting up accounts, managing accounts, and retrieving account status. Xfers is an online payment system.
 The Xfers Transaction REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications. Some example API methods include receiving transaction lists, retrieving status of transactions, and managing transactions. Xfers is an online payment system.
 The Xfers Payout REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications. Some example API methods include requesting payouts, retrieving payout status, and receiving payout messages. Xfers is an online payment system.
 The SericaPay HTML API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SericaPay with other applications. Some example API methods include adding merchandise to shopping carts, buying merchandise, and checking out with shopping carts. SericaPay is an online marketplace solution for online merchants to sell merchandise to their customers.
 The Xfers Payments REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xfers with other applications. Some example API methods include requesting payments, cancelling payments, and receiving payment notifications. Xfers is an online payment system.
 The MarketInvoice REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of MarketInvoice with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. MarketInvoice is an online invoicing provider.
 The Besepa API is a service for developers for the SEPA direct debit platform. With the API, the platform is structured around the following models: Customer, Group, Bank Account, Mandate, Debit, Product, and Subscription. Besepa is a Spanish company whose main goal is to simplify the management of direct debits for companies and organizations. SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) Direct Debit is a European system of rules and standards for merchants to collect payments.
 The Plenigo API provides an eCommerce platform for digital media distributors. This RESTful API uses OAuth 2 authentication, and responses are in JSON format. Plenigo integrates analytics, product administration and billing in one solution. Services include paywall functions like day passes, vouchers, metered views, pay-per-view or subscriptions. Payment options include PayPal, credit cards, bank transfers and more.
 The MercadoPago API allows developers to exchange information with the Mercado's platform. Mercado Pago is an online payment company that processes payments for businesses globally.
 The InPlayer API service brings developers a tailored experience and white-labeled management from all parties that are interested in taking on the direct-to-API approach. In the time of AWS, distributed systems, and expanding need for integration and growth, the InPlayer API has grown into its own CMS-as-a-Service and User-Management-as-a-Service. The API document and key is only available to registered users. For more information and to register, contact InPlayer at sales@inplayer.com. InPlayer allows media publishers to monetize videos via video ads within the player, user data capture, and paywall within videos, and other services.
 MobiCart helps eCommerce website providers to create mCommerce mobile applications. Create native iPhone, iPad and Android apps that users can download from app stores and HTML5 web apps that are accessible from a mobile browser. MobiCart Store API aims to facilitate business transactions with mobile devices, providing API features such as store settings, shipping, tax, countries, and states. Available in JSON and XML format, this API can be accessed with a Key. Additional APIs that could enhance integration include Product API, Order API, and Department API.
 The Blockchain Data API allows Bitcoin block and transaction payments data query functionality. This API provides requests for data regarding single block, single transaction, chart, block height, single and multi address, unspent outputs, unconfirmed transaction, inventory and more. CORS header information is provided and all responses are in JSON. Blockchain is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data. Blockchain also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets
 [Editor's Note: This API is no longer available. All snapcard.com pages now redirect to sendwyre.com.]
SnapCard allows to abuy bitcoin with a bank account and access SnapCard to use digtal currencies. The SnapCard API allows developers to retrieve their merchant account info, retrieve exchange rates, retrieve payouts, and create, retrieve, cancel, & list invoices. SnapCard is a Bitcoin wallet that offers MassPay for sending money anywhere in the world.
 The Blockchain Create Wallet API allows for the creation of a blockchain.info bitcoin wallet with the a pre-generated secret API key. This API uses POST or GET requests and provides JSON responses and authentication is through a secret API key. Blockchain is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data. Blockchain also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets.
 The PromisePay REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PromisePay with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. PromisePay is a digital payment platform for marketplaces.
 The Lavu REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Lavu with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Lavu is a point-of-sale platform specifically for restaurants and use on iPads.
@pay didn't extract the description
 The Bindo API allows developers to integrate access to their stores, products, and payments into 3rd-party applications. Bindo is an e-commerce platform that provides users with real-time store data, 24/7 payment gateway access, and order tracking services. The API documentation is not public, but is available upon request.
 The Intuit Payments API allows developers to integrate Quickbooks Payments service with their applications. By making requests to the API, developers are able to create custom eCommerce app, and build an app that processes credit car payments. Intuit provides businesses a way to manage their finances.
 The Vaultoro Trading API allows developers to build third-party applications that allow their users to view their bitcoin and gold account balance, and to open buy or sell orders. This API also allows app end users to issue a buyorder or a sellorder, cancel a buyorder or a sellorder, and more. Vaultoro is a bitcoin gold exchange company.
 Vaultoro Basic is a JSON based API that allows users to pull price feeds into graphing platforms as well as developing web widgets with the latest bitcoin price in gold. Vaultoro is a Bitcoin Gold Exchange company.
 The DVI Give API facilitates charitable giving by allowing end users to search for and access information about charities from third part applications. Users can even make donations through the API and immediately receive a tax receipt. DVI (Dexterity Ventures Inc.) is an organization that provides donation tools for businesses who want to incorporate charitable giving into their products or online presence.
 The Affirm REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Affirm with other applications. Some example API methods include managing checkout functions, retrieving charge information, and managing shipping and contact information. Affirm is an online payment platform that allows users to pay over time and allows merchants to offer a pay over time option on their website and applications.
 The Forte API allows developers to integrate its payment platform into their projects. Specifically, the API allows users to send queries, retrieve detailed object information, and update or delete customer and transaction records. Forte offers a single-source payment processing solution that accepts all major card brands and is capable of handling recurring transactions.
 The PayWhirl REST API allows developers to access the functionality of PayWhirl with other applications. Some example API methods include managing subscribers, adding subscriptions, and managing payments. PayWhirl is an online payment platform for recurring payments and subscriptions.
 The Peach Payments REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Peach Payments with other applications. Some example API methods include posting payments, retrieving payments, and managing account and customer information. Peach Payments is an online and mobile payments platform for emerging markets.
 The BitPagos REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of BitPagos with other applications. Some example API methods include integrating a payment button, creating a checkout page, managing checkout processes, and retrieving transactions. BitPagos is an online payment platform that allows businesses to accept Bitcoin and credit card payments. BitPagos is available in English, Spanish, and Portuguese.
 The Razorpay REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Razorpay with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving payments, capturing payments, and retrieving refunds of a payment. Razorpay is an online and mobile payment platform for individuals and businesses in India.
inpay---bitcoin-payment-processor didn't extract the description
 The Gem Bitcoin API allows developers to integrate fully functional Bitcoin wallets into their applications. This service is highly scalable, allowing users to create as many wallets as they want. The API uses multi-signature authorization, multi-factor authentication, and real-time monitoring to ensure the security of all transactions.
 Paid API is an automated invoicing system. Paid is RESTful and uses HTTP Basic Auth with API Keys for authentication. All requests must be authenticated and over HTTPS, HTTP is not allowed. Use Paid to automatically collect payments and send follow ups, create and track invoices, and access account analytics.
 Use the RESTful Hiveage API to manage your business's billing online. Access to the API is available to all Hiveage users with their existing account. Hiveage uses JSON and authenticates via API Key and HTTP Basic Auth. Use the API to create invoices, manage contacts, accept payments, track employee time and mileage, and create reports.
 MasterCard Places API lets developers build applications using its location intelligence services, and by integrating its dataset. This API allows developers to have access to locations of different places across the US. The Places API is powered by "near-real-time, aggregated, anonymous transaction data." This API is part of the Mastercard Location Services APIs.
 The Re4Charge REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Re4Charge with other applications. Some example API methods include sending payments, recharging accounts, and managing user information. API documentation is available with account service. Re4Charge is a mobile phone recharging and payment system.
 The SEED REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SEED with other applications and to create new applications using JSON. Some example API methods include managing members and users, retrieving and managing transfers and wires, and retrieving individuals. SEED is a mobile banking provider for businesses. SEED offers ACH transfers and wire transfer capabilities for businesses.
 The Paynova API supports all aspects of payment processing for online retailers in Europe. Use the API to create and send invoices, accept payments and issue refunds, and process orders. The API exposes services in both REST and SOAP, and accepts requests in XML, JSON, JSV, CSV, or MessagePack. Authentication is done via HTTP Basic Auth. Paynova API accepts many different payment methods and currency types. See the documentation for a full outline of payment methods/currency types and for extensive information on implementing the API.
 The 37Coins Market API allows developers to access and integrate the market functionalities of 37Coins with other applications via a REST API in JSON. The three main API methods are managing order IDs, forwarding payment status, and expiring existing orders. 37Coins is a SMS-based bitoin wallet.
 The 37Coins Affiliate API allows developers to access and integrate the affiliate functionalities of 37Coins with other applications via a REST API in JSON. Some example API methods include adding referral invites, tracking referral invites, and managing user accounts. 37Coins is a SMS-based bitoin wallet.
 The ChangeTip API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ChangeTip with other applications using a REST API in JSON. The two main API methods are posting tips and retrieving tips. ChangeTip is an application that allows users to send and receive monetary (bitcoin) tips.
 Pay.ON Open Payment Platform REST API allows full access to Pay.ON's front end widgets and functions associated with at the Pay.ON Open Payment as a Platform. All requests for this API are sent over SSL and authentication requires a username and password. This API has an extensive reference list of parameters, including types of payments, accounts, IDs, customer information, cart information, payments, tokenization and registration, frequency, 3D secure, and customized parameters.
Pay.ON is a world wide provider of infrastructure systems that allow payment providers to outsource payment processes or integrate defined modules within their current systems. Pay.ON operates within a four principle framework: non-competition guarantee, white label service, Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Global Connectivity with Local Access.
Pay.ON has location in Germany, New York, Hong Kong, the Philippines, and Austria.
 The 37Coins Merchant API allows developers to access and integrate the merchant functionalities of 37Coins with other applications via a REST API in JSON. The two main API methods are retrieving a charge token and posting a charge token request. 37Coins is a SMS-based bitoin wallet.
 The Coinleap API allows developers to integrate digital currency methods into a project. Coin features such as incoming and outgoing transactions are available. This service is about simplifying payments by sending digital currency. Documentation shows an option to display parameters and responses in the same place.
 The Suntico Sage 50 API is designed to help users create apps that connect with data from the hundreds of thousands of companies using Sage 50 Accounting and Sage 50 Accounts. Sage is a business management software and services provider whose products handle common business tasks such as accounting, HR, payroll, payments, enterprise resource planning, and customer relationship management. Suntico is an Irish software company and authorized Sage developer.
 The Eventsforce event management API employs standard HTTP GET requests and authenticates with an API Key and standard HTTP Authentication. API Keys are generated from within each Eventsforce account holder's administration interface. Use the Eventsforce API to manage every aspect of your event like creating a website, handling registration, communicating with attendees, and creating event badges. The API's documentation is hosted on Apiary and includes extensive documentation and example data for users to query.
 The iugu API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iugu with other applications. Some example API methods include managing payments, retrieving transaction details, and managing account information. iugu is an online and mobile payment platform in Brazil.
 MyNXT is a decentralized way to use a mobile wallet. This is an open source tool that allows users to take control of funds without downloads, installation, or hassle. The API service is about interaction with the myNXT.info online wallet and performance of standard NXT queries. Every time a developer makes a call to the myNXT.info API, the site will determine the best server to process the request. All servers work on HTTPS mode, providing security through the calls that should be made through this method.
 MyNXT Wallet permits users to control personal finances through an open source decentralized system. The API service is about interaction with the myNXT.info online wallet and performance of standard NXT queries. Users should note that servers work on HTTPS mode, offering security through every call. Parameters include email requires as login email, password as login, uuid optional, and gauth_user_code (needed if 2fa is enabled). The site provides additional examples with calls and responses to get encrypted wallet, get tickets, and get all accounts from a user.
 Lob Simple Check Service API is a fee based cloud API that automates check payments for businesses and developers. This API is scalable and customizable, allowing businesses to add branding logos and descriptive content on the fronts of their bank grade business checks .
Lob Simple Check Service API requires an authentication key for the creation of check print jobs that are processed and mailed. This REST API supports a URL or local file for the logo creation. This API provides Ruby, Node.js, PHP, Java, & Python wrappers for ease of integration.
 Judo Marketplace can be used to provide card acceptance as well as automate fee collection for users. Judo Marketplace is thus good for businesses which connect customers with other businesses or sellers. The Marketplace API enables the programmatic access to marketplace admin functions and payment processing features, allowing users to host a marketplace, publish multiple apps for multiple customers, automate payments and fees, and more.
 Go Processing is an Indian multilevel payment services provider. The Go Processing Payment Gateway API and Recharge API enables programmatic bill paying and refill of a user's mobile account. The categories of the Recharge API options include Mobile recharge API, DTH Recharge API, Bills payment API, Data card recharge API, Money transfer API and ticket booking API, all accessible using HTTP requests with JSON or XML formats. Go Processing offers the interface, a client application, and a server application. With an MIS online portal included, batch request processing with the API is also possible.
 EBANX is an eCommerce payment solution for international merchants that are selling their products to Brazil-based individuals. Using the EBANX API, developers can integrate the EBANX payment services into third party applications. These server-to-server operations can be called upon to create, confirm, or cancel payments, create recurring payments, capture credit card information, refund payments, check the status of existing payments, and retrieve currency exchange rates. The EBANX Academy for Developers provides ample documentation as well as integration tools such as a PHP library to help developers implement the API.
 Shopwave is a point-of-sale solution for merchants. Shopwave provides point-of-sale functions for businesses to accept payments. The Shopwave API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Shopwave with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving item data, posting payments, and managing user accounts.
 ACHeck21 is a payment processing system that allows users to process both ACH and Check21 transactions. The ACHeck21 API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ACHeck21 with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving account information, processing transactions, and retrieving transaction data.
 Bitpay is an online payment service that uses bitcoins, it provides people a platform to make payments online. The BitPay API is REST based, which enables developers to integrate its services into their applications. With the API, clients can create and manage invoices, issue refunds, manage bills, and more.. Developers may call the API directly over HTTP.
 Espago is a Polish payment gateway for eCommerce that processes online card payment methods. Espago hosts an API sandbox to allow developers to test the API. Espago can be used to process bank withdrawals and deposits, accept credit and debit card transactions, and create and manage customer data. Recurring payments can also be programmed using the Espago API by assigning a customer ID to a specific subscription type.
 Coinwallet.co is an online wallet that can be used to handle multiple cryptocurrencies. Users can register with Coinwallet.co and start generating their own wallet addresses in less than a minute. Up to 50 addresses may be created for each currency in a wallet along with unlimited outgoing payment addresses. The Coinwallet.co API allows users to get currencies, check their balances, get received transactions, get sent transactions, send payments, and get a new address.
 Transverse is a software-as-a-service company that provides businesses a way to automate billing, and manage their customer subscriptions. The Transverse Tract REST API lets developers integrate their applications with the Tract service by making REST requests to the API. The API uses HTTP Basic Authentication.
 Transverse is a software-as-a-service company that provides businesses a way to automate billing, and manage their customer subscriptions. The Transverse Tract SOAP API lets developers integrate their applications with the Tract service by making SOAP requests to the API. The API uses Basic HTTP Authentication.
 PayPal is an e-commerce based business that lets users to make and transfer payments electronically. The PayPal Merchant API lets developers integrate its merchant features and functionality with their applications, enabling their clients to have access to, and to manage their PayPal’s merchant account directly. This API is SOAP based.
 Clearent's developer-friendly payments platform offers multiple integration options so you can provide your customers with a seamless transaction experience. When you integrate credit card payments through Clearent's API solution you can start earning money today and get live support from payments experts.
 BlueSnap’s Payment API enables merchants to accept online payments via the major credit & debit cards, PayPal and other mobile wallets like MasterPass and Visa Checkout. Merchants can also store shopper details in BlueSnap. The Payment API provides end-to-end subscription management capabilities via BlueSnap’s award-winning Subscription Engine. The API is available in 180 countries and supports 100 currencies. To reduce PCI compliance scope while keeping sensitive card data secure, merchants can use the API with BlueSnap’s Hosted Payment Fields or client-side encryption JS libraries. An Android SDK is available for integration in native Android apps. The BlueSnap Developer Hub includes an interactive API Explorer, quickstart guides and tutorials, sample code, and complete reference info.
 BitPay hosts a REST-based interface for developers to interact with a user's BitPay account and online Bitcoin payment service. Users can submit orders in over 30 currencies, display payment instructions, receive payment notifications, and receive payouts to banks in 9 countries. The BitPay Rate API returns exchange rates which compare the price of Bitcoin to hundreds of currencies across the world. The API can be accessed over HTTPS and returns a JSON-formatted responses.
 Fortumo is mobile payment platform that offers users the ability to make and process payments on the cloud. The Fortumo Reporting API lets developers integrate its features with their applications, allowing businesses to request data for the full revenue report. Responses are in CSV format, and the API uses personal Reporting API key for authentication.
 SpectroCoin provides its users with secure Bitcoin e-wallet, exchange, and merchant services. The SpectroCoin website offers SSL security, and users' accounts are protected via two-factor authentication. SpectroCoin allows merchants to accept Bitcoins without having to worry about the current Bitcoin exchange rate. The SpectroCoin Merchant API lets merchants integrate the ability to receive Bitcoin payments into their websites or applications.
 Optimal Payments offer a range of online, mobile and alternative payment methods using APIs designed to streamline payment integration into applications and websites. The Card Payments API enables developers to connect their app directly with a payment engine to handle purchases, refunds, and authorization reversals all through a RESTful API using HTTP with JSON formatted requests and responses. Optimal Payments offers a test API endpoint to demo API integrations before publication.
 Poynt is a payment terminal that connects businesses with their customers, interacting through a counter top device. It can be used to process several different forms of payment, electronically. The Poynt API lets developers integrate their applications with its services, enabling customers to make payment, as well as for businesses to keep track of their productivity.
 Optimal Payments offer a range of online, mobile and alternative payment methods using APIs designed to streamline payment integration into applications and websites. The Hosted Payments API allows developers to integrate payment processing into eCommerce sites with full PCI compliance for enhanced security. The API will forward users to a payment page hosted by NETBANX to ensure that sensitive information is stored and handled solely by NETBANX. This is all done through a RESTful API using HTTP with JSON formatted requests and responses. Optimal Payments offers a test API endpoint to demo API integrations before their publication.
 Optimal Payments offer a range of online, mobile and alternative payment methods using APIs designed to streamline payment integration into applications and websites. The Customer Vault enables developers to store customer information such as credit card numbers and contact information to quickly reference for an expedient shopping and checkout experience. The API can hold multiple payment methods per customer and can be used to create and manager customer profiles, all through a RESTful API using HTTP with JSON formatted requests and responses. Optimal Payments offers a test API endpoint to demo API integrations before publication.
 2Checkout is a payment service that let businesses to process transactions on the web. The 2Checkout Admin API lets developers to integrate its administrative fuctionality into their applications/websites. With this API integrated, users will be able to automate account and order management processes. Request can be returned in XML, JSON, and HTML format.
 2Checkout is a payment service for businesses to process transactions on the web. The 2Checkout Payment API lets developers to integrate its service into their applications/websites. With the API integrated, users will be able to process transactions directly on the applications.
 CheckAlt offers an API to allow developers to incorporate Check21 services into web applications and websites. This allows payments for credit, loan, and mortgage to be customized for specific online needs, and enabling developers to incorporate eChecks into online payments.
 The Base Commerce API provides numerous functions for developers to utilize. These functions of the API pertain to credit card processing, ACH processing, secured vault, and a push notifications platform. The API allows companies to easily accept payments to help minimize fraud and keeps their margins high.
 Webmasterchecks is a secure online payment service for issuing high-volume payouts. It can perform check-printing, mailing, wires, and ACH direct deposits, though printing and delivering checks is their specialty. Users have access to real-time reporting, payment details, and transaction history. With the Webmasterchecks API, users can import data directly into the system. Webmasterchecks primarily works with affiliate networks, market research companies, claims administration, insurance companies, and similar businesses.
 Square helps consumers to pay with card in a mobile environment. For a business that prefers to keep all sales information in a settled location, Square Stand is the choice. In contrast, if the enterprise is mobile, Square Reader is the alternative. With the aim to ease commerce, Square offers The Connect API. This application provides HTTP endpoints to retrieve reports for users' payments, refunds, and settlements. It also allows to manage merchant's items. Square Connect API is about point of sale transactions with cards using iPad, iPhone, and Android. Additional resources of transactions, OAuth, and eCommerce are available on Square site.
 The Vericoin Payment API, an API for Vericoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Vericoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Vericoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Feathercoin Payment API, an API for Feathercoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Feathercoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Feathercoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 Fraud prevention that learns. Feedzai aims to learn, predict, and prevent questionable profiles using fraud models, scoring algorithms, and machine learning. The site shows a graphic representation of a fast ROI with merchants, payments, clients, processors, and mobile devices as the main actors of safe commerce. The REST API is about fraud prevention. Some of the resources to integrate with the API include authentication, endpoints, service environments, responses, and HTTP status codes. A perspective from the user's point of view is also available to understand fraud process.
 The Speedcoin Payment API, an API for Speedcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Speedcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Speedcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Vertcoin Payment API, and API for Vertcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Vertcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Vertcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Reddcoin Payment API, an API for Reddcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Reddcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Reddcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 SudoPay is a single payment gateway API, allowing transparent integration on website. Allowed payment gateways include PayPal, stripe, Swolla, Bitcoin, Amazon, Visa, Mastercard, and Braintree. SudoPay provides conversion methods, fraud avoidance and the ability to create manual and offline payments.
SudoPay is a subscription based API requiring website registration. This is a REST API with JSON and XML responses.
 Payeezy is the simplest way to accept payments in mobile apps, eCommerce sites and just about anything that talks over HTTP. With the Payeezy API, developers can instantly accept credit cards, debit cards, eChecks, Apple Pay In-App payments, Android Pay, Paypal, loyalty cards and other payment types. There is no registration required to get started.
 The Darkcoin Payment API, an API for Darkcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Darkcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Darkcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and can add more upon request.
 The Potcoin Payment API, an API for Potcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Potcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Potcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and can add more upon request.
 The Dogecoin Payment API, an API for the Dogecoin digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Dogecoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Dogecoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Litecoin Payment API, an API for Litecoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Litecoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Litecoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 The Bitcoin Payment API, an API for Bitcoin, a digital internet Crypto Currency, has many features alongside Instant Checkout that can help developers organize websites which utilize such components as sales, payment, and money-earning. With direct integration, some of the features accessible through the Bitcoin Payment Gateway are: Pay-Per-Product, Pay-Per-Download, Pay-Per-Membership, Pay-Per-Post, Pay-Per-Registration, and Pay-Per-Page Access. The Bitcoin Payment API supports a variety of languages and more can be added upon request.
 Marqeta is an issuer processing platform for mobile-based credit payments. The Marqeta DMC API can be integrated in to 3rd party applications to support payment processing in web environments. Implementing the API, developers can manage their users, coordinate payment plans, create spending controls, oversee addresses, fees, campaigns, transactions, transfers, and more. The API accepts HTTP calls in JSON formats, and comes well documented.
 The CheckIssuing API allows users to securely import data directly into the company's systems to process payments. To use the API, it is suggested to create an account. After receiving an API key, the documents will serve as a guide to begin with the implementation. This API can be particularly useful to access account balances, submit new deposits, and submit new payment requests.
 HiPay is a French digital payment provider handling transactions for all types of billing for web, eCommerce, and mobile integrations. The HiPay TPP Gateway API can be accessed using JSON & XML formats, and is free for qualifying members to integrate into 3rd party applications. All payments processed through HiPay are done so using SSL to ensure secure payment protection.
 The Urban Airship Wallet Studio API provides developers the ability to create wallet items for their customers' individual accounts. The API supports both Android and iOS platforms.
 Based in Amsterdam, Coinzone enables European online retailers and eCommerce providers to accept digital currencies such as Bitcoin instead of traditional payment methods. Using the Coinzone REST API, secure calls can be made to authenticate, initiate transactions, retrieve transaction details, and process refunds. Authentication requires a client-code, timestamp, and signature for processing all API requests. Use of the API requires a 1% cross-the-board fee for purchases.
 BTC Markets is an Australian based BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange. Using BTC Markets, users can buy, trade, and sell their digital currency all through their bank account credentials. BTC Markets hosts an API to help developers create trading and payment mobile app solutions. The BTC Markets REST API accepts JSON formatted GET requests to the HTTP endpoint. The API will return account balances, can be used to transfer funds, and be used to retrieve market data via a ticker, orderbook, and summary of recent trades. The BTC Markets API accepts an API key and valid time stamp for authentication.
 AsMoney is an electronic payment system based on the Bitcoin and Litecoin networks. Members can make instant payments for goods and services, or send and receive money with minimal fees.
AsMoney API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AsMoney with other applications. The developer may use the API to get balances, send money to Bitcoin / Litecoin addresses, send from AsMoney balances, get account history, or get details of transactions.
 Thailand Mobile Recharge is an API provided by ThailandTopup.com for topping up the credits on prepaid mobile phones from the three major Thai mobile phone networks - AIS 12call, DTAC Happy, and True Move. From a single account, users can add credits to any prepaid mobile phone on those networks. An Auto Lookup feature allows users to look up the network associated with a phone number in real time. Users can pay for credits through PayPal or Thai Bank Transfer.
 PayStand is a full eCommerce platform that allows providers to receive debit and credit card payments online. PayStand supports standard credit card carriers (Visa, Master Card, American Express, and Discover), eChecks (Ach, Dwolla), as well as BitCoin. Using the PayStand API, eCommerce providers may create, edit, and manage existing products, and receive payments. All APIs use the HTTP POST method, and request and response data is in the JSON format. PayStand also offers plugin modules for Pinterest, Drupal, & WordPress working with WooCommerce, and an iOS SDK for develops to construct applications that easily interact with PayStand. Currently in early access beta mode, access to the PayStand API requires an API key for use.
 The RESTful Ziftr API allows online retailers to accept cryoptocurrencies such as Litecoin and BitCoin instead of normal payment methods. It also allows programmatic access to the Ziftr eCommerce platform and API sandbox. The Ziftr API lets retailers view real time pricing statistics and inventory updates, and allows access to new sales channels, all while keeping company branding and identity consistent across presences. Ziftr SDKs exist for PHP, Ruby, Python and Java. In order to gain access to the Ziftr API and retailer tools, retailers can sign up on their home page.
 MyBitX is a global BitCoin and crypto-currency exchange service and wallet hosting service. With MyBitX, users can accept, spend and receive BitCoin using personal secure wallet. Using the MyBitX API without authentication, developers may retrieve market data. Using HTTP basic authentication, developers may request recently placed orders, create new trade orders, receive balances, make withdrawals, and more. API calls are currently limited to one request per minute per IP address.
 Coinprism is a service that allows for the tokenization of cryptocurrency. Using Coinprism's Colored Coins, users are able to trade shares, bonds, and commodities without regulation by coloring BitCoin. Using the Coinprism Colored Coins API, developers can use GET & POST HTTP requests to issue colored coins, access a wallet to make a transaction, and return balances.
 Mintpal is a cryptocurrency exchange platform. The Mintpal API is currently in V1, allowing developers to access the Mintpal API to retrieve information on all supported cryptocurrency price indexes, market statistics, personal trades, orders, and other data. V2, currently in beta, will allow developers to post trades and call orders using the Mintpal wallet platform as well. All calls are made via HTTP, and the data is returned in JSON formatted arrays. The request limit is 10 requests per second.
 Taxee is a RESTful API that accepts an income amount and filing status, and calculates the tax amount owed. This filing preparation service takes federal and state mandates as well as deductions into consideration when preparing the amount. The Taxee API can also retrieve information on deductions and tax brackets for all states given a certain year. The API is open source and available for download through GitHub.
 Block.io API offers a secure wallet and payment service for transacting the three most common cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin, Doge, & LiteCoin). Their service is hosted without fees. Their HTTP request API uses the keys associated with each personal cryptocurrency account, to return balances, conduct withdrawals and account maintenance, and return user IDs & addresses associated with a specific account.
 Visa Checkout API helps developers to integrate payments. The fundamental value of this API is the functionality of e-commerce transactions, useful for developers who work with online businesses open 24/7. The API is about payment integration. Visa Checkout API features REST protocol, HTTPS interfaces, and API Key which can be used publicly or privately. Developers can receive Twitter tips and e-mail support.
 The PSP Platform is a white-label platform that helps users create their own complete payment gateways capable of performing mobile transactions, currency exchanges, and more. The Subdealers API allows PSP Platform users to perform basic operations on a subdealer's e-card, such as selling the e-card or depositing an amount from one e-card to another.
 The PSP Platform is a white-label platform that helps users create their own complete payment gateways capable of performing mobile transactions, currency exchanges, and more. The Dealers API enables PSP Platform users to generate new anonymous e-cards and to deposit the balance of existing e-cards to incoming e-cards.
 The PSP Platform is a white-label platform that helps users create their own complete payment gateways capable of performing mobile transactions, currency exchanges, and more. The Basic Operations API allows users to transfer money between e-cards, check an e-card's balance, merge one e-card with another, split one e-card into two, and change the attributes of an e-card.
google-play-in-app-billing didn't extract the description
 Google Wallet Instant Buy allows merchants to store and access customer payment data in the cloud. Both the Instant Buy for Android and Instant Buy for web versions offer in-app or online payments, access to Google single sign-on, and streamlines user experience by keeping data entry to a minimum. The APIs work with the merchants' current payment systems, and are available for use by end users in the U.S. who already have Google Wallet accounts.
Interested developers or merchants should contact Google at http://getinstantbuy.withgoogle.com/.
 Ideamart is a platform that provides developers with a variety of services that they can integrate into their own applications. These services are delivered in the form of the Idea Pro APIs, which may be used to send SMS, charge payments, build apps with USSD menus, find user locations in real time, transfer funds between eZ Cash wallets, and manage subscriptions.
 Doge API is a digital wallet for Dogecoins, a type of cryptocurrency. The wallet allows users to send, receive, and keep track of their Dogecoins. Doge API calls allow users to check their balance, send payments, get their payment address, get the current Dogecoin price in USD or BTC, retrieve a list of their recent transactions, and more.
 TeleCash is a mobile money service from Telecel. Subscribers can conduct money transactions with their mobile phone.
The TeleCash API enables the validation of credit cards, the storing of credit card data in the TeleCash DataStorage, and the creation of credit card payments.
 The UPS Gemini APIs enable easy and quick information organization. With these APIs you can automate order management and processing, calculate rates, generate labels and documentation, search orders, and cancel requests.
Gemini APIs include the Shipping and Rating APIs and can integrate the Tracking API.
 UPS Rating API identifies all UPS services available, domestic and international, and displays rates catered to package specifications. Customers can compare, rate, and select the most fitting service for their needs.
The API is in XML format and allows developers to custom create the UPS shipping menu to suit various website and application designs and layouts.
 Veritrans is an online payment gateway for Indonesian markets. The service aims to provide services for credit cards, ClickPay Mandiri, CIMB Clicks, BRI e-Pay, Cash XL, Telkomsel T-Cash, and other payment options. The Veritran VT-Web API allows users to accept payment and because the whole payment process is handled by Veritrans, Veritrans can take care of most of the information security compliance requirements from the bank (Veritrans is certified as a PCI-DSS Level 1 Service Provider). The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. Users can use the API to get requests that consist of payment status information. With this information, merchant server can update the transaction status in the merchant database
 TradeVine is an ecommerce solutions service that facilitates TradeMe listing and interactions. TradeVine allows users to get notifications when listings change, create a unique ecommerce store, integrate with Xero, streamline purchases, and evaluate inventory, among other features. The TradeVine API allows users to use REST calls to retrieve data from the TradeMe platform. The API returns JSON, uses SSL and OAuth for authentication, and an account is required with service.
 ListSellTrade is a merchant site that allows users to access online auctions, fixed price listings, business sale listings, classified advertising, recruitment, as well as to promote a users business. The ListSellTrade API allows users to automatically list entire product ranges and update it every 24 hours. An account and an API Key are required with service.
 Auric Systems International is a PCI compliant solutions provider that produces payment transaction processing applications from cryptographic key management to tokenized credit card storage.The PaymentVault API, provided by Auric Systems, allows users to integrate merchant shops with the PaymentVault service. PaymentVault Tokenization provides off-site data storage for tokenized credit card account numbers and separate bulk storage of encrypted credit card information from the cardholder's personally identifiable information. The API uses JSON-RPC, and account is required with service.
 Delivery.com provides a database of restaurants, fast food establishments, dry cleaners, and liquor stores that provide delivery options. Users can search locally for places that provide delivery, place an order, and pay online. The Delivery.com API provides developers with the tools to integrate the search and ordering functions into third-party applications. The Delivery APIs allows users to search for local restaurants, liquor stores, and laundries that offer delivery and pickup then make purchases through the checkout API.
 Trekksoft is an online platform for ticket, tour, and travel bookings and payments. Trekksoft offers a variety of online solutions for travel providers.
The Trekksoft API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Trekksoft with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving tours, managing tour information, and user account management.
 Payza is a global online payment platform that enables consumers and businesses to send and receive money instantly. The Payza API provides a developer interface for interacting with this platform. The API is able to send individual or mass payments, refund transactions, cancel subscriptions, and to return merchant and consumer data.
The Payza API currently has seven functions you can use to perform various account actions while logged out of your account:SendMoney: send funds to a single Payza member.Bitcoin SendMoney: send Bitcoin to an external Bitcoin wallet.MassPay: send funds to a list of Payza members using our Mass Pay feature.Refund: issue a refund for a Payza payment you received.SubscriptionCancellation: cancel a subscription that a customer purchased through Payza.GetBalance: retrieve your Payza balance information.GetTransactionInfo: retrieve information about a Payza transaction in your Payza account.TransactionHistory: retrieve information on a set of transactions based on parameters you specify, such as a date range or transaction amount range.
 BlueTarp Financial is a financial services company dedicated to serving building supply dealers in the U.S. BlueTarp provides a transaction authorization API that developers can integrate into their own websites or systems in order to support transaction processing through BlueTarp. Supported transactions may include sale, credit, void, deposit hold, and deposit collection transactions.
 Bahaquote is an invoicing and expensing service that provides users with access to online invoicing, expense monitoring, mobile access, email marketing, and other features. The Bahaquote platform can be integrated into third party applications and used for automation using the Bahaquote API. The API allows users to complete transactions online, update billing information, send quotes and invoices in a systematic manner through an automated process. An account is required with service.
 The DSN is based on a monthly transmission of personal data of employees, automated payroll software, after payroll, via a single reception point responsible for allocating data to the recipients. The DSN public API provides access to social statements in France.
 Treasury.io us a United States Treasury information provider that makes the data reported by the treasury on a daily basis readily available. The Treasury.io API provides users with access to the treasury's Operating Cash Balance , Deposits and Withdrawals, Public Debt Transactions, Adjustment of Public Dept Transactions to Cash Basis, Debt Subject to Limit, Federal Tax Deposits, Short-term Cash Investment, and Income Tax Refunds Issued. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 BinDB is a bank identification number database that helps businesses identify credit and debit cards. The BINDB is widely used for fraud protection and credit card payment processing. BinDB provides a flexible API solutions to query the Issuer Identificaton Number database. An account is required to use the API.
 TSYS is a payment acceptance service that provides a services from payment processing and merchant services, to gift card servicing and exchange rate payment services. The TSYS API allows users to integrate third-party applications with the payment processing service and other products with an emphasis on the mobile services. TSYS uses SSL for authentication. Documentation access requires registration.
 PriceMyLoan serves the mortgage lending industry by providing loan pricing and underwriting services online as a service. The PriceMyLoan API allows users to integrate the mortgage processing service into third party applications. The API can returns a variety of data formats, and an account is required with service.
 Liteapi.org is a crypto-currency facilitator that provides resources to utilize or incorporate litecoin payment into merchant applications. The Liteapi.org API allows users to receive payments, get exchange rates, access the blockchain, and make other calls. The API also allows users to build apps that utilize litecoin, or add litecoin functionality to existing applications. The API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and uses SSL for authentication.
 DogeAPI is an API for the use of the crypto-currency Dogecoin built around the popular doge meme. The DogeCoin API allows users to build payment processing into merchant websites. The API includes calls to get a balance, withdraw funds, get a new address, get a user address, get an address received, get address by label, get difficulty, and get current block. The API uses REST calls and both SSL and an API key for authentication.
 GoCoin is an international payment platform that allows users to send and accept crypto-currencies as payment within merchant shops and other organizations. The GoCoin API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to make calls to interact with account data, deposit addresses, invoices, merchants, merchant users, merchant payout addresses, and users. An account is required with service, and OAuth and SSL are used for authentication.
 CoinRelay is a Litecoin mining pool that allows users to do pool processing power to mine litecoin, as well as mine anonymously. The CoinRelay API uses REST calls, and allows users to query to get pool data and user account information. An account and API key are required for API usage.
 Paymate is a secure payment system enabling users to accept credit card payments both online and via mobile devices. The Paymate API allows developers to programmatically update payment statuses, recover lost orders not recorded at the seller site, and to validate payments.
 Trade.tf is a product sales site for steam users. Users can post for sale or buy items. The site includes trading segregated by quality, spreadsheets of pricing, and crates of items. The Trade.tf API allows uses to use REST calls to get a spreadsheet to display prices on a user's website. The API returns JSON and an API Key is required for use. An account is required with service.
 Openpay is an integrated service solution for Latin America that allows users to accept and send payments online without dealing with banking systems, compliance, fraud, and security.
The Openpay API allows to handle Charges (from cards, banks and stores), Payouts (to debit cards and banks accounts), Transfers between accounts, Customers, Cards, Bank Accounts, Plans, Subscriptions and Fees. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Unified APIs for inventory, carts, the checkout process, payments and more, so you can focus on creating seamless customer experiences at any scale.
Moltin is a SaaS cloud based eCommerce platform for developers. Moltin provides decoupled components to create customised solutions for websites, mobile and desktop applications, as well as powering physical retail stores through point-of-sale and stock management systems.
Core components of the API include, inventory management (products & variations, categories, collections, brands), carts, orders, customers, addresses, checkout and payment gateways. As a developer you can choose which of these components to use in your project and create completely unique checkout flows without the limitations found in existing e-commerce solutions.
You can use Moltin anywhere to do any kind of commerce you or your client wants in any programming language.
Having one centralized cloud based e-commerce platform allows you to have multiple store fronts across a range of devices. This even allows you to switch out and/or upgrade your front end technology without having to completely migrate between systems.
 Gittip is a weekly crowdfunding "gifting" platform. Users of Gittip can send and received weekly payments to and from other Gittip users.
The Gittip API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gittip with other applications. Some example API methods include returning payment information, retrieving stats, and managing user information.
 SmallInvoice is an invoice servce designed for small and medium sized businesses, as well as freelance workers. The base service is free to use, and additional tiers of service are available. The SmallInvoice API uses REST calls and allows users to perform tasks involving user accounts and invoices. Sample calls include creating invoices, submitting invoices, accepting offers, drafting receipts, and other calls. An account is required with service.
 Imonggo is a web-based point of sale service that provides inventory management, sales analysis, and business intelligence. The Imonggo API allows users to integrate third party applications and website with the Imonggo platform. The API provides primary resources for access such as: products, customers, invoices, documents, and inventories. The API uses REST calls, returns XML, and uses SSL for authentication. An account is required with service.
 Mifos is an organization comprised of microfinance institutions and IT and business professionals who work to expand the technological capacity of micro-lending networks to increase their impact around the world. The Mifos API allows users programmatic access to the Mifos platform through REST calls. An account is required with service.
 Payscape Advisors provides financial tools to help businesses accept payments, streamline their business, and increase cash flow. The Payscape Advisorsâ€™ payment gateway is programmatically accessible through an API.
Applications are able to request transactions through several methods, each with varying ease of integration, features, required resources, and level of security. The API is also able to retrieve transaction data and manage shopping carts.
 CoinPayments is a checkout system for cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Litecoin. Customers click on a link or button on the user's website and get directed to the CoinPayments checkout page to make the payment. Once the transaction is complete, CoinPayments sends the payment to the user, minus transaction fees. Users are notified of every step of the process via Instant Payment Notification (IPN) or polling. The CoinPayments API is designed to allow users to easily integrate the checkout system into their own websites.
 TheCurrencyCloud is an international payment provider that provides payment, conversion, and exchange services. TheCurrencyCloud API allows users to make REST calls to get access to the API, execute a currency trade, create and maintain payment beneficiaries, make international payments, access exchange rate information, and group settled trades. The API will have access account management and contact information in the future. An account is required with service.
 Based in Kenya, Lipisha offers a payment platform for businesses that enables them to collect, process and integrate payments from customers and clients using mobile money such as M-Pesa or Airtel Money.
The Lipisha API allows developers to integrate with the Lipisha payments system. The API carries out a number of activities including creating a new payment account, querying for transactions, Sending mobile money, charge a credit or debit card, transferring funds between different Lipisha accounts, and more.
 Conekta is an online payment platform for Latin American businesses that enables them to process online payments using both online and offline methods. Conekta can be used for any type of transaction such as selling physical products, charging for a service, taking donations, or enabling marketplaces for third parties.
Conekta offers a REST API that provides Merchants and
Marketplaces an easy way to start accepting payments through a website or application. API methods include Charges, Customers, Cards, Subscriptions, Plans and Events. All responses are in JSON, but sessions can be configured to receive responses in XML. An API key is required.
 CityPay is an online payment service that offers a secure payment gateway, enabling merchants to accept payments from a range of environments, from mobile phones and web browsers through to fully integrated solutions.
The CityPay PayPOST API is RESTful payment API used for server to server transactional processing. Merchants can use the API to integrate CityPay payment services into their own applications. The API provides a number of payment mechanisms including fraud protection, preauthorization, and Internet, MOTO, CA transaction processing. The API provides data in XML or JSON.
 Achta is a company based in Ireland that offers cloud based SEPA services for IBAN validation, mandate management, and credit transfers. Achta has extensive experience in advising corporations on cash management payment solutions and how those solutions can be integrated into existing business processes.
Achta offers a realtime payment validation API for their Achtavate service, a cloud based, SEPA-ready payment solution. The API performs IBAN Validation, converts SortCodes and account numbers, checks BIC codes, and validates other payments reference data to ensure SEPA-compliance. An account with service it required.
 Exchange Rate Lab is an exchange rate service that allows users to convert between currencies on the website, or integrate the interface into third-party apps for use in merchant shops and other applications. The Exchange rate Lab API allows users to lookup and perform currency conversions. The API supports JSON and JSONP, while using REST calls. The queried datasets updated hourly. An API Key is required with service.
 Tipalti is a mass payment service. Tipalti allows businesses to pay out vendors, employees, and others globally via multiple methods from ACH to PayPal to wire transfer.
The Tipalti API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Tipalti with other applications. Public documentation is not available, though the API does use SOAP. API access comes with account service.
 Evergreen is a asset-backed digital currency that allows users to exchange euros for evergreens, and use them as payment. The evergreens are exchanged at a 6:1 ratio with Euros, and are backed by a basket of currencies and environmental investments. The Evergreen API uses REST calls and returns JSON. Users can make calls to interface between mobile apps and websites to manipulates wallets containing evergreens. An account is required with service.
 MPower is a payment service that interacts with digital wallets and bank accounts, offering end-to-end online and mobile payment solutions. The MPower API provides programmatic access to those solutions. The API is, for example, able to initiate payment requests, handle direct payments, redirect customers to MPower for checkout, add tax information or custom data to invoices, and more.
 The VivaPayments service allows online store owners to accept payments sent via email, phone, e-banking, or a physical location. VivaPayments also provides next-day deposits, interest-free monthly installments, and support for tax card transactions. The VivaPayments API allows developers to integrate the service with their e-commerce websites via REST calls. The three functions that must be integrated for VivaPayments to work are the abilities to create payment orders, complete payment details, and confirm transactions.
 Feathercoin is a crypto currency similar to others that provide users access to an unregulated market place where savings can be achieved. The Feathercoin API allows users to make calls to get information about the current mining specs, blocks, difficulty, and reward. Users can also make queries to get current exchange rates between feathercoin, fiat currencies, and other crypto currencies. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 InComm Cashtie is an API that allows users to link cash payments to software applications. Cashtie offers solutions for eCommerce providers, retail operations, and other merchants to track and account for cash payments with online systems.
The InComm Cashtie API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cashtie with other applications.
 Payment21 is a digital lockbox that is designed to handle financial data originating from physical checks, ACH payments, and digital wallets. It can also work with payroll, bill pay, and credit card payments. The Payment21 API allows developers to include these alternative payment methods on their website. Several different integration methods are offered that vary in size and scope, including the Payment21 button, the simple API, the SOAP API, and shopping carts that already have Payment21 integrated.
 eThor connects Point of Sale (POS) systems to the cloud, enabling services such as real-time ordering through Facebook, mobile devices, or 3rd party websites and applications. The eThor API is designed to allow developers to build native menu display and ordering experiences into websites and mobile applications. The API is able to retrieve menu information, retrieve or POST orders, and access information describing chains and stores.
 Datafeedr is a system that enables users to create and embed affiliate shops into word press blogs. The Datafeedr API allows users to access sales feed information on over 250,000,000 products and 10,000 merchants to build custom shops as part of an affiliate network. An account is required with service. The API returns JSON formatted data.
 UberGlobal Payment Gateway is an Australian ecommerce payment service that allows merchants to securely complete transactions through their online store. The service also offers real-time analytics to help merchants better understand their business and follow transactions in real time.
The UberGlobal Payment Gateway provides a REST API for the integration of UberGlobal Payment services into third-party application. API methods include Purchases, Tokenization, and Refunds. Responses are returned in JSON and authentication is provided via HTTP Basic Authentication.
 Paysius is a bitcoin payment service that allows customers to use bitcoins to pay merchants. The service offers zero risk of chargeback or payment reversal of any kind due to the use of bitcoin. The Paysius API uses REST calls and returns JSON. The API allows users to make queries to get new bitcoin addresses, send bitcoins, get bitcoin balances. An account is required with service, and an API key is used for authentication
 Penny Currency is a universal electronic payment system that allows customers to make purchases, pay bills, send and receive money payments online. Penny Currency provides a REST API that returns JSON or XML, that enable developers to build custom applications, tools, and services that integrate Penny Currency's functions, as well as automate payment systems. An account is required with service.
 BlockScore is a customer authentication and verification service that aims to assists users with handling the regulatory compliance issues surrounding international payment and transfers. The BlockScore API uses REST calls and allows users to submit data for authentication, off-load data, verify passports, and perform other tasks. An account, and an API key are required for use. SSL is required for all calls.
 RedPass is an affiliate payment service that provides payment, debit, and credit card services for web sites and businesses to pay affiliate marketers around the world. The RedPAss API uses REST calls and allows users to make a number of calls including peer-to-peer transfers, account signup, debug, e-wallet balance, e-wallet statements, sandbox calls, SCI payment, user match, and other calls. An account is required with service.
 InterSwitch is an integrated payment and transaction processing company based out of Nigeria. InterSwitch provides advisory services, technology integration, transaction processing and payment infrastructure to government, banks and corporate organizations.
InterSwitch Connect is a payment platform for developers and merchants. The platform aims to make it easy for developers to get started with integration and provides tools for creating payment related products and solutions. The InterSwitch Connect platform offers REST APIs for their QuickPAY, Autopay and Loyalty services. The QuickTeller API allows Merchants to make payment on the QuickTeller platform and is available Interswitch Partners. The Autopay service enables mass payments to multiple recipients or beneficiaries. The loyalty API enables consumers to track and manage Reward Money balances and transactions.
 Nibl is a hosted payment platform that allows content creators to sell their digital content to mobile and web publishers. Nibl simplifies the payment process by allowing customers to use a single account across the nibl network, thus eliminating the need for publishers to acquire payment and personal information at the point of purchase.
Nibl offers a REST API to partner publishers. Full API documentation is available upon enrollment.
 BitcoinMonitor is a Bitcoin payment solution that doesn't require access to Bitcoin wallets but only facilitates transactions from payer to payee. The BitcoinMonitor API allows users to access several resources on the BitcoinMonitor site including agent resources, address resources, and notification resources. The API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and is free to use.
 SecurePayTech provides businesses with an online payment gateway for authorizing and processing credit card transactions. It also comes with a reporting service that can provide information on both individual transactions and trends over time. Users can access the payment gateway programmatically using either REST or SOAP methods. Sample code is available for PHP, ColdFusion, and ASP.NET.
 SegPay is a billing platform for handling credit cards, checks, and European direct debit authorizations. The platform comes with marketing tools, sales reporting, automated password management, and an online web interface. It can provide payment portals in multiple languages and accept a variety of currencies. Many of SegPay's functions are accessible programmatically via SOAP calls.
 Billogram is cloud based invoicing service that allows small businesses to easily keep track of their cash flow. The service provides real time information about incoming payments as well as the status of invoices.
Billogram offers a REST API that allows third party applications and merchants to create and send invoices through the Billogram platform. Supported actions include Fetch invoice, Create new invoice and Update invoice. Results are delivered as JSON.
 PencePay is an online payment and mobile billing platform for merchants. The PencePay API allows customer applications to integrate mobile billing functionalities. The API supports Premium SMS and Direct Carrier Billing Methods.
evo-snap* didn't extract the description
 Fuze Network is a credit card payment and recharge service. Fuze Network allows users to send money directly to a credit card as a payment, debit card as a deposit or prepaid card as a load. It can be used for online funds disbursement, gifting, shared, me2me and p2p payments or walk-in cash transactions.
The Fuze Network API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fuze Network with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@fuzenetwork.com for API information.
 Jumpseller is a hosted service for creating and managing professional online stores without any technical knowledge. Jumpseller provides a gallery of themes that are compatible with many different kinds of devices. Users also have the option of creating a custom theme or simply embedding Jumpseller within their current website. Jumpseller supports a wide range of payment methods including PayPal, credit cards, bank transfers, and more. Users can alter their websites' and payment gateways' language, currency, shipping cost, and taxes by country or region.
 BeansBooks is a cloud-based accounting service for small and medium sized businesses. The service tracks financial data and progress to make report creation and generations easier. The service also facilitates year end reporting and tax preparation. The BeansBooks API allows users to source entries and vendor information from other related applications. The API can also automate accounting tasks like account creations. The API includes calls for getting account, customer, tax, setup, and vendor information. The services uses REST calls and returns JSON. An API key is required for access.
 Verifone’s Platform allows applications to be added to Point of Sale terminals. The platform is accessible via interaction with the Commerce Applications SDK.
Verifone is a global technology provider for electronic payment and point-of-sale services. The company provides services to the financial, retail, hospitality, government, petroleum and other industries.
 Paysera is an online payment service that allows users to send money, make an online payment, receive money or set up a merchant account. Developers can use Paysera's Wallet API To get information about the Paysera system's users and their accounts and to make payments between Paysera accounts including sending, receiving and coordinating payments. The API is based on REST principles and request content is provided in JSON.
 EgoPay is an e-currency that can be used to pay for goods and services online without having to provide sensitive credit card or bank details. Users can sign up for EgoPay for free without providing any personal information. The EgoPay API allows users to automatically send payments, get information on incoming and outgoing payments, obtain a history of transactions performed, or retrieve information about EgoPay accounts.
 ChargeOver features a RESTful API allowing developers to easily integrate recurring billing and payments into their application or website. Create subscriptions, send invoices, collect payments, and more using the developer-friendly APIs. ChargeOver also offers rich Javascript APIs for PCI-compliant credit card sign-up forms, and JSON-based web hooks to allow ChargeOver to notify your application of events and data changes.
 Groosker is an online shopping solution that eliminates the hassle of entering credit card information by using QR codes to handle payments. Shoppers need only scan the Groosker QR code with their mobile phone, verify the details and accept. Groosker helps merchants lower transactions costs and offer loyalty rewards to customers.
Groosker offers a REST API to merchants and web developers. Example methods include request payment, await payment, accept payment, and decline payment. An API key is required.
 Gharpay is an doorstep cash payment network based in Hyderabad, India. The company offers its services to online merchants whose customers choose to make a cash payment for online transactions. Payments are collected within 24 hours, and settled with 48 hours.
Gharpay offers an API for pushing order information and tracking order statuses. API methods include createOrder, cancelOrder, cancelProductsFromOrder, viewOrderDetails, getCityList, getPincodesInCity, isCityPresent, and more.
 Instamojo is a simple payment system that lets users sell digital creations directly to customers simply by sharing a link. Instamojo provides an out-of-the-box e-commerce framework and takes care of all of the details, from payment to delivery. All the user needs to do is share their link with an audience.
Instamojo offers a REST API for programmatic access to Instamojo services. Use the API to create new offers, edit existing offers, query your own offers, and archive an offer. Registrationand an app ID are required.
 PayZippy is an online payment service for merchants. PayZippy allows merchants to integrate payment processing functionality with their online stores, websites, and applications.
The PayZippy API allows developers to integrate payment via credit cards, debit cards and a number of banks worldwide. Functionality includes processing payments, refunding an existing successful payment, and verifying the status of an existing payment/refund transaction.
 Birdback is an app platform for payment cards providing a card-linked loyalty solution for financial institutions and the development opportunity for apps that consumers can add to their payment cards to be executed at the point of sale. Potential uses could include digital receipt generation, social network check-ins, or rewards. Birdback access is through a RESTful API supporting the development of card-linked applications.
Birdback is first in Europe to let retailers, affiliates and publishers link in-store cashback, vouchers and loyalty schemes directly to customersâ€™ payment cards.
As a result, adoption is many times greater and marketers can gather a more detailed picture of their audience.
 CloudZync is a mobile wallet provider. CloudZync offers a mobile wallet application that allows users to pay with their mobile and redeem vouchers and coupons at merchants. Merchants can accept CloudZync at their locations and for their services.
The CloudZync API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CloudZync with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for API access: cloudzync.com/partner/.
 ALFAcashier is a currency exchange service that also facilitates payment services. The site maintains currency reserves and will exchange singular monetary units for a basket of other currencies. The ALFAcashier API allows users to integrate the currency exchange system into third-party services to allows payment acceptance. The API supports JSON-RPC.
 FastSpring is a complete, cloud-based e-commerce solution for selling digital products worldwide. It provides users with mobile-compatible order pages that can be customized for their brand. Its payment system offers customers a wide variety of payment options and is capable of handling subscriptions, refunds, in-app purchasing, and international tax collection. FastSpring provides download-file hosting for the user's digital products as well as DRM support.
FastSpring can help users manage reseller partners and multiple stores. They also provide consultations in the areas of SEO, affiliate programs, and online marketing. Analytics services, A/B split testing, and a pre-launch testing environment are provided to help users optimize their order pages. Customer surveys are supported as well.
The FastSpring API allows users to retrieve, update, cancel, and renew subscriptions as well as retrieve information on individual orders and generate coupons. These functions are accessible via REST calls issued in XML format.
 Paytrail is a Finnish online payment service that aims to help companies provide a pleasant shopping experience for their customers. The service allows customers to make purchases using their preferred payment method whether it is online bank payments, card payments, invoicing, or installments. Paytrail also offers an account for consumers that allows them to use one login for all their online purchases. The Paytrail Connect REST API offers programmatic access to Paytrail services. An account with service is required.
 Simple Legal is a legal billing and payment service. In addition to sending legal bills and receiving payments, Simple Legal also scans bills for potential duplicate charges and fraudulent charges and alerts the customer.
The Simple Legal API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Simple Legal with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
 SlidePay is a credit card payment acceptance service. SlidePay allows merchants and users to accept swiped credit card payments in their applications on a variety of platforms.
The SlidePay API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SlidePay with other applications. Some example API methods include processing payments, retrieving payments, and sending receipts.
 App55 is a UK-based online payment service that enables merchants, websites and mobile application developers to offer their customers secure, one-click payments for products or services via any internet-enabled device.
App55 offers a restful API for access to their payment services. Use the API to send requests to the App55 platform in order to manage users, manage cards, and perform transactions. Responses are returned in JSON or JSONP. Authentication is via API key.
 Inputs.io is a secure payment service that allows users to store use Bitcoins for payment. The service uses two factor authentication for security and is designed to enable users to get a wallet and start utilizing it with speed and ease. The Inputs.io API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to get balances, get last transactions, send transactions, get transaction details, sign and verify messages, and generate/redeem vouchers. An account is required with service.
 Paddle is an online and mobile payment application. Paddle allows merchants to accept payments via Paddle online and in applications and allows users to pay with Paddle, encrypting their credit card and delivery information in the cloud so they don't have to enter it each time.
The Paddle API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Paddle with other applications. Some example API methods include adding Paddle buttons on sites and applications, accepting payments, and reviewing transactions.
 Judo Pay is a platform to build complete mobile payment solutions and applications. Judo Pay allows for mobile payment solution customization and addition of a variety of features.
The Judo Pay API allows developers to access the functionality of Judo Pay with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving transactions, listing transactions, and accepting transactions.
 PassVerse provides for generating and updating passes for Apple's Passbook. PassVerse allows developers to create and manage passes, tickets, coupons, and more for Passbook.
The PassVerse API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassVerse with other applications. Some example API methods include creating passes, managing passes, and creating and managing pass templates.
 Shopgate provides mobile shopping solutions for commerce, providing merchants with tools to create mobile shopping websites and connecting shoppers to thousands of shopping apps with a single registration.
The Shopgate Merchant API provides a developer interface enabling orders and items to be manage automatically. Supported functions include order list retrieval with filtering, order details retrieval, and item or category manipulation. The API accepts HTTPS POST calls and returns JSON formatted responses
 The CoinJar Exchange Trading API enables developers to manage accounts, orders, and trades from third-party applications. CoinJar is a cryptocurrency wallet that supports Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ripple, Ethereum, and more. It can be used to send, receive, and store cryptocurrencies. The CoinJar Exchange Trading API uses RESTful calls over SSL and supports JSON requests and responses.
 FirstACH is a business and eCommerce payment solution. FirstACH can be integrated with business and account management software and applications to make and receive payments.
The FirstACH API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of FirstACH with other applications and systems. Some example API methods include automating transactions, retrieving payment information, and managing account information. API documentation is available to registered users.
 AltaPay is a payment management company that offers technical processing and complete end to end reconciliation of payments across Europe, Asia and the US. The AltaPay technical payment gateway solution allows for the continuous addition of alternative payment methods and mechanisms, as well as certification into additional financial institutions across the world, allowing business to respond quickly to client requirements. AltaPay offers an API for developers. Full documentation is available by request.
 Quickpay is an online payment solution for merchants that allows the secure integration of credit and debit cards with an arbitrary site on the Internet. The service works with all major credit cards as well as Paypal, Sofort Banking, and other e-banking facilities.
The QuickPay API enables merchants to handle payments in a simple manner. Based on SSL encrypted HTTP communication, all actions are performed by sending a HTTP POST request. Responses are sent as an XML document.
 Envoy Services is a global payment gateway that provides access to over 200 local payment services. Envoy users can accept payments using services like eWallets, real-time bank transfers, vouchers, and prepaid cards. The Envoy payment gateway can be customized to suit the user's brand. Envoy Services also comes with fraud screening services to help protect merchants from fraudulent activity. The Merchants API provides Envoy users with access to their payment portals via SOAP calls.
 SPHERE.IO is the first and leading platform-as-a-Service eCommerce solution. Built to serve eCommerce and mCommerce that include features like product information management (PIM), customer management and order management. SPERE.IO allows developers to build any kind of eCommerce/multi-channel-application for web, mobile, app or in-app scenario.
The SPHERE.IO API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SPHERE.IO with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving product information, managing product information, and managing account information.
 Bitcoin-Contact is a site that lets users receive and send messages to Bitcoin Addresses. They aim to all Bitcoin owners to validate the identity of those they are speaking/exchanging with, and simplify otherwise anonymous communication. The Bitcoin-Contact API allows users to make queries that return Bitcoin addresses associated with an email address, and return public information on identities associated with a Bitcoin address.
 BitMarket is a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows users to buy and sell Bitcoins in a variety of currencies. The BitMarket API allows users to submit REST requests to get the market volume, min and max prices for all currencies, get active currency offers, and get latest completed transactions. An account is required with service and SSL is used for authentication.
 PikaPay is a mobile virtual wallet for sending and receiving Bitcoin payments via Twitter. The PikaPay API provides a RESTful interface for the same wallet functionality as exposed through the PikaPay web interface. The API currently supports payments and payment requests, user details requests, and account setting management. More resources are under construction. All calls require HTTPS.
btcto didn't extract the description
 CoinCard is a service that allows users to submit Bitcoins and receive giftcards in return. The CoinCard API can convert Bitcoins into giftcards and allows users to structure requests to include the type of giftcard, the card amount, the currency to put the card in, the email to send the giftcard to, and a test run. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 PayNetEasy is a payment service that handles payment processing, payment management, fraud prevention, security analysis, and mobile payment. The service is targeted towards banks, credit card companies, loyalty card operators, and other payment services. The PayNetEasy API allows users to complete Bitcoin transactions. The API can return the transaction type, status, bitcoin address, paynet order id, merchant order id, and several other calls. The service uses REST calls and uses SSL for authentication.
 A DoneCard is a type of cash card that can be used for online, mobile, and in-person transactions. The card does not require a bank account and can only be used to spend as much money as is placed on it by the cardholder. The DoneCard API allows users to manage card transactions and orders, get card details, and to verify their cards and transactions.
 Celery is an application that lets businesses and merchants accept pre-orders and allow customers to pre-pay for goods and services.
The Celery API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Celery with other applications. Some example API methods include managing orders, managing account information, and managing products.
 LitePay-App is a web payment service that handles payment for merchants utilizing litecoins. The service takes orders, issues a litecoin pay address to the customer to use, and confirms payment to the merchant. The Litepay-App API allows users to request a litecoin address and confirm a payment. The service uses REST calls, returns JSON, and uses Access Tokens for authentication.
 Unocoin aims to be a centralized location for all Bitcoin information. It provides lists of forums, news, mining technology, Bitcoin wallets, and other information. The The Unocoin API allows users to display payment instructions on a merchant site, receive notification with payment and status, submit an order in over 30 currencies, and receive payouts to bank accounts in 9 countries. The API is based on JSON, an account is required with service.
 CatLab Interactive is a computer game and browser based game development community. The CatLab Bitcoin Gateway is a user interface designed to ease the bitcoin transfer process. The service uses an API key, returns JSON, and cost 1% of transferred amount, plus a transaction fee. Instead of a pop up or third party service, users are able to type in the address to send the Bitcoin to, and the rest is done on the backend.
 BitMyMoney is a Netherlands based payment service that allows users to accept and make payments in Bitcoins as well as hold their Bitcoin investments securely offline. The BitMyMoney API allows users to make call to get the Bitcoin exchange rate for current Euro transactions, start a transaction, see a payment page, check a transaction status, and make other payment related calls. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON or JSONP. An account is required with service, and SSL is used for security.
 BIPS is an online payment service that allows users to buy, sell, trade, withdraw and accept Bitcoins as payment. The BIPS API allows the users to send bitcoins, get the balance of the user's account, and export transactions. The service uses REST calls. An account and an API Key are required to use the API.
 Pin Payments is a multi-currency payment system that accepts payment from an Visa or MasterCard debit or credit card both locally and internationally. The service operates without requiring a merchant account or an extensive process for application. The Pin Payments API uses REST calls and returns JSON. SSL is required for use, and a unique API key is required for each service endpoint.
 MangoPay is a full-stack payment platform for accepting online payments and managing e-money. It gives users the ability to create e-wallets, transfer money between e-wallets, allow group payments, hold escrow funds, and collect fees in a variety of ways. MangoPay provides advanced payment features such as recurring payments, single-click payments, and refunds on cards. The platform accepts payments from more than 150 countries in the local currencies. MangoPay's functions can be accessed programmatically via REST API.
 Ribbon is an online retail platform that enables its users to sell all kinds of goods and services, both physical and digital. After creating an account and adding their products, sellers receive a unique link to each product that can be shared anywhere, including social media sites. Customers can click on the link and make purchases without having to leave what they were doing before. Ribbon comes with fully-encrypted, secure payment infrastructure for processing debit and credit cards. The Ribbon API allows its users to add and retrieve product information as well as get order information.
 Fusebill is an online platform for billing, payments, and subscription plans for recurring payments. Fusebill offers automation for invoicing and receiving payments.
The Fusebill API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fusebill with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email sales@fusebill.com for more information.
 Gyft is a digital gift card platform that enables users to manage mobile gift cards and use mobile gift cards at retailers and businesses, as well as send other people gift cards with their mobile phones.
The Gyft API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gyft with other applications and to create new applications. This API uses API Keys for authentication.
 CardFlight is an in-application payment service. CardFlight allows application owners and developers to access credit card payments in their applications.
The CardFlight API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CardFlight with other applications. The main API methods are handling a payment transaction and generating the transaction response.
 CompraFÃ¡cil provides a payment platform that allows any member company (Partner) to generate Referrals for payments with a debit card, online banking, or by cash. By issuing calls through CompraFÃ¡cil's SOAP API, users can save purchase information, get information about orders placed, and find out the current status of an order. The CompraFÃ¡cil website is provided solely in Portuguese.
 Strongcoin is a hybrid wallet Bitcoin service. The wallet is browser encrypted to prevent anyone from having access to the Bitcoin address except the owner. The service does not require a specified Bitcoin address format, so users can move coins to and from to other services without needing to alter an address. StrongCoin merchant API allows users to accept Bitcoins as payments on merchant websites. The API functions allow users to create orders and handle payment notifications.
 SecureTrading is a UK based online secure payment service that processes billions of dollars annually. The SecureTrading API allows users to automate refunds and authorization reversals and control settlement schedules. Users can also integrate a payment service into back-office or legacy system. The API uses REST protocols and returns XML.
 Rixty is an alternative payment system that uses cash and coins rather than a credit card or other payment method that could expose sensitive information online. Users can convert their cash to digital currency in the form of a code at any of 75,000 stores in the US or nearly 500,000 locations worldwide. They can then spend that money on multiplayer online games, casual games, virtual worlds, and all types of digital content simply by redeeming the received code. Codes can also be redeemed on a publisher's website by using the Rixty payment API.
 KashFX is a we-based commodities, currency, futures, credit, and equity trading platform that offers browser-based front-end so that the entire service is accessible via the web. The service has a 3 millisecond transaction time in its futures markets, and also offers trading in energy markets. The KashFX API permits user to access and integrate the trading functionality of the KashFX platform with third-party applications. An account is required with service, the API uses SOAP protocols, and SSL and an API key are used for authentication.
 Shoebooks is a fully featured online accounting and payroll solution that is based in Australia. The Shoebooks SOAP interface ensures that all business rules and data structure complies with the Shoebooks accounting and payroll system. The Shoebooks API allows users to create/edit customers, supplier or employee records, Create new invoices or bills, apply receipts to invoices and payments to bills, as well as create and lookup banking transactions.
 Astutepayroll.com handles the payroll and timekeeping for businesses around the world, and offers a 99.9% uptime guarantee. The astutepayroll.com API can be used to integrate the astutepayroll.com application with third-party applications and data. The API also provide mechanisms that enable the user to customize the astutepayroll.com user interface with custom components and validations. An account is required with service. Documentation is not publicly available.
 PaymentEvolution is a secure online payroll service aimed at small and mid-sized businesses in Canada. The PaymentEvolution Payroll API supports calculations from simple federal/provincial deductions through to more complex custom benefits and earnings. Common API requests include simple deduction calculations based on current tax tables - users can input a standard set of variables to receive the calculated result, custom deductions, benefits and earnings - to extend the API to include any number of custom calculations. An account is required with service.
 KeyPay is a cloud-based payroll and accounting service for Australian employers. The service allows users to make automate simple functions, allows them the flexibility to configure the system, and integrate the services with other applications. The KeyPay YourPayroll API allows users to query for a list of businesses, locations, work types, employees, time sheets, pay categories, and other payroll information. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account is required with service and authentication is preformed using SSL and API keys.
 Genie Cashbox is a communication and payment processing service that plends products and services to facilitate business operations and member to member payments. The Genie Cashbox API allows users to GET and POST transaction and payment information. The service uses REST calls and uses SSL for authentication. An account is required with service.
 Yandex is a major Russia-based internet company and search engine with the stated mission of answering any question internet users may have. In 2012 Yandex handled the majority of all search traffic in Russia.
Yandex.Money is an online payment system allowing merchants and customers to sell and purchase goods and services. The Yandex.Money API provides a developer interface for automating manipulation of Yandex.Money accounts. Exposed resources include payment, payment history analysis, and transaction history synchronization.
 The service provides financial functions and account management for applications used by customers to interact with the French bank. Functionality helps developers to register with the provider's CAS Store repository to display applications for smartphones and allow users to install them on their own devices. The service allows developers to implement credit card account management and other banking functions.
API methods support registration of new applications with the repository and update those listings over time. Methods support interactions with a user's credit card account and updates to bank account access credentials. The API implements its own geolocation service based on the city, street address, or longitude/latitude coordinates.
 The service provides payment management for e-commerce and other merchants in Norway. The provider offers both hosted white-label checkout pages and full integration via a RESTful API. Payment processing can resolve through either the Visa or MasterCard networks.
API methods support the full payment process to complete financial transactions, beginning with authentication and submission of order number, product, and balance owed. Methods support pre-authorizing payment, user confirmation, transaction completion and funds capture. Options also include nullifying a pending transaction, crediting a refund for a cancelled sale, and inquiring about status of a pending payment.
 The service provides online payment processing for e-commerce vendors and integration with other applications. It aims to ensure PCI compliance with options for transparent redirects, white-label hosted checkout functions, or API integration. Payment options include credit and debit cards as well as automated clearinhouse (ACH) transfers.
API methods support submission of transaction information for payment, including vendor, product information, balanced owed, and credit card or other payment account information. Methods support pre-authorization of payment amount and final confirmation of funds transfer. The API also allows for scheduled recurring billing for subscriptions and other time-based payments.
 BillingOrchard is an online billing system. BillingOrchard offers automated billing, online invoicing and online payments, reporting, and integrations with other systems.
The BillingOrchard API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of BillingOrchard with other applications. Some example API methods include managing functions, managing account information, and checking out methods.
 mPAY24 is an online payment platform that combines many frequently-used and innovative payment systems within one interface. Available payment methods include credit and debit cards, national and international online banking payments, direct debit, prepaid systems, mpass, paybox, PayPal, and others.
mPAY24 also provides an intelligent transaction management and reporting tool that simplifies the validation, recording, and administration of all transactions processed through mPAY24. The entire system is easily integrated into most online shops and e-commerce systems using the mPAY24 SOAP API.
The mPAY24 website and documentation are provided in English, German, Hungarian, and Slovak.
 Tinypass is an e-commerce platform. Tinypass allows website and application owners to integrate e-commerce services with their applications and websites to charge for content and services.
The Tinypass API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Tinypass with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include searching for subscriptions, managing subscriptions, and managing user accounts.
 WalletKit is a service to create passes, tickets, coupons, and more for mobile wallets, such as PassBook. Developers can create passes and tickets for Apple's PassBook and other mobile wallets.
The WalletKit API allows developers to integrate the functionality of WalletKit with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include creating and managing passes, retrieving pass templates, and posting passes.
 Metanga is an online billing and subscription payment service. Metanga offers merchants tools and features to bill for and accept payments for services and goods, either one-time payments or recurring subscription billing.
The Metanga API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Metanga with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, managing and editing product and price information, and managing billing. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for more information: http://www.metanga.com/billing-system-demo-request/.
 Lexity Commerce Central is an online commerce platform. Lexity allows users to bill and accept payments online for goods and services.
The Lexity API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Lexity with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving payment information, and managing product and pricing information.
 PayLane is an online payment platform. PayLane offers online payment services for merchants in a variety of languages and in a variety of currencies and payment methods.
The PayLane API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayLane with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving payment information, and managing payments.
 The PCI-compliant service provides online payment processing to merchants across Europe and South Africa via several different methods suited to different sets of needs and merchant capabilities. Methods range from payment buttons directing buyers to the provider's interface through white-label options to full API integration of credit and debit card processing. Available payment options support subscription payments with recurring invoicing and highly secure options with fraud prevention.
API methods support submission of merchant information including product purchased and transaction amount and buyer information such as name, billing address, and card or payment account information. Methods interact with card associations Visa, MasterCard/Maestro, American Express, and Diners Club or a number of partner banks to preauthorize payment and complete funds capture. Methods also support transaction inquiries, transaction voids, and refunds. Advanced methods allow scheduling of recurring subscription payments and fraud detection.
 Webteh is Croatian based ISO/MSP/PSP registered and licensed for differnet banks in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro with presence in UK for EU based Merchants (Webteh LTD) and USA (Webteh Inc.) for USA based Merchants. The company provides WebPay, a PCI-compliant, secure payment processing via a white-label hosted interface or full integration based on its REST API. Transactions are resolved through global payment networks such as Visa and MasterCard/Maestro using registered merchant accounts and buyer profiles. Available services include transaction status inquiries, refunds, and scheduled installment payments.
API methods support submission of a transaction for payment, with merchant identifier, product purchased, and payment amount along with buyer profile identifier and payment card information to generate preauthorization codes. Completion of a preauthorized payment generates transaction status updates and transfers funds. Methods also support inquiries about previously submitted transactions and cancellations.
 The service provides payment functionality within the Philippines without processing through debit and credit card accounts. It routes secure payment transactions through funds transfers via that nation's bank network, merchants like convenience stores and pawnshops, and bill payment services. It is intended to provide secure payment processing for market segments that are not dependent on credit cards.
API methods support submission of transaction details such as seller, product purchased, and payment amount along with buyer information including payment account details. The API processes payments and returns confirmation of the transaction status. Methods also support transaction status inquiries, payment cancellation, and retrieval of billing information.
 The service from Germany provides payment processing for small amounts of money, especially suited to fees for software downloads, content access, and other inexpensive online services. It consolidates functions for conventional debit and credit card charges as well as payments triggered by phone calls or other interactions with mobile devices along with selective disbursement of prepaid account balances. Sellers register accounts with the service, but buyers need not create accounts to submit payments.
API methods support call2pay, a set of functions for one-time payment events or scheduled invoicing for recurring charges triggered via mobile devices. Methods also support disbursement of prepayments by authorized bank transfer as well as conventional charges to credit card and debit card numbers.
 The PayWay REST API is a simple, secure, internet-based solution to collect and manage customer payments. The PayWay Net module allows you to; Create a check-out or donations page and process one-time credit card payments, Maintain full control over the customer experience and styling, Store credit card and bank account details in the PayWay Customer Vault, Take payments using the stored details individually or using a file, Open virtual accounts for customers who pay you by direct debit/pay anyone, Process a file of credit card payments, Download reports indicating which payments were approved or declined, Download a machine readable file listing all received payments for a day and more. PayWay supports direct debit, credit card, BPAY and Australia “Post” payments, that enables customers to pay over the counter, online or over the phone.
 SeQR Pay provides a new way to purchase products. The basic concept is that products, product packaging, and advertisements have unique SeQR Pay QR codes on them so that anyone may scan that QR code and purchase the product using the SeQR Pay app. As a results, users no longer need to go to a store or website to make purchases. The user's payment information and shipping address are stored on SeQR Pay's secure server and only needs to be entered once.
So far, only a few brands have incorporated SeQR Pay technology. However, the SeQR Pay API still appears to be functional. It includes functions for both customers and merchants who want to integrate the SeQR Pay functions with other application or services.
 The service headquartered in the UK provides payment processing for e-commerce transactions and other online exchanges. It can verify validity and credit limits for credit and debit cards, then complete real-time payment and transfer funds to the seller's account. Payment options include Visa, MasterCard/Maestro, and Paypal.
API methods support secure, real time payment processing. Methods handle pre-authorization for credit and debit card number and transaction amount, providing an authorization code for use in completing payment. Methods also clear payments through the card provider's system and return confirmation of the funds transfer to both buyer and seller.
 Chargebee is a subscription billing service for recurring charges for software as a service (SaaS) subscriptions.
The Chargebee API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Chargebee with other applications. Some example API methods include managing customer information, managing subscriptions, and retrieving information about subscriptions.
 The service provides online shopping cart services to be integrated with web pages either via Javascript or via REST web service requests. Implementation options include linking to white-label pages on the provider's site and processing cart updates and payment requests via API calls. Functions include add to cart, view and update existing cart items, remove items, and process credit card payments.
API methods support adding a product to the buyer's shopping cart with specified quantity and product options then completing credit card prequalification and final payment. Methods also allow review of pending cart items and updating the cart. The API allows retrieval of shipping data and processing of return authorizations and refunds to the purchaser's credit card.
 The service provides payment processing for e-commerce and other online transactions within Australia. It works through Australian banks to verify customer accounts and availability of funds, then completes credit card processing to transfer funds to a seller. Batching functions retry transactions that fail initially due to problems with a bank's processing system. Because it remains independent of banks, sellers can change banking relationships without reconfiguring online payment functionality.
API methods support payment submission using popular credit cards Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Diners Club, among others. Methods interact with issuing banks to pre-authorize cards and verify available account balances, then obtain buyer confirmation and complete payment processing. The API also handles refunds for cancelled or returned purchases.
 MYSuite is an electronic billing service for companies that do business in Mexico, especially independent, small, and medium companies. MYSuite is also an authorized provider of Digital Online Tax Receipts (CFDI). As a result, customers can use MYSuite to generate, deliver, receive, and store bills in a manner that complies with Mexican laws regarding online billing. MYSuite's functions can be accessed programmatically via SOAP API.
 Facturar en LÃ­nea (FEL) provides Mexican companies with electronic billing services. These services adhere to Mexico's legal requirements regarding the use of CFDIs in online billing. CFDI stands for Comprobantes Fiscales Digitales por Internet (trans. Digital Online Tax Receipts). The Remote Connection API provides programmatic access to FEL's billing services via SOAP calls issued in XML format. The FEL website is provided solely in Spanish.
 CrowdTilt is an online group fundraising site. CrowdTilt offers features for users to create their own crowd-funding sites to raise money for various reasons and sites to allow for group funding.
The CrowdTilt API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CrowdTilt with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include accessing user information, accessing campaign information, and managing campaigns.
 Ukash is a form of eMoney - it is treated exactly like cash, but it is spent online. Ukash is useful for those who donâ€™t have a credit or debit card, or who donâ€™t want to use their card to pay online. Customers exchange cash for a unique 19-digit Ukash code and use it to pay at the thousands of websites that accept Ukash. It can also be used to load prepaid cards and eWallets. If the Ukash code is more than the value of the purchase, change will be refunded as a new code. Ukash is available in over 55 countries at outlets that include shops, petrol stations, kiosks, ATMs, and online.
 SumUp is a service that allows users to accept and process credit card payments via mobile devices with the SumUp application.
The SumUp API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SumUp with other applications. Example API methods include managing account information and accepting and processing payments.
 Kusinaatbp is an online database of Filipino recipes. It provides recipes for traditional Filipino and Filipinized dishes ranging from the very popular to the very unique.
The Kusinaatbp website also provides a Market Place where people can advertise items they wish to sell or buy. Kusinaatbp uses the PayPlus software to enable people to make purchases through the website. This implementation comes with an API that allows people to make purchases programmatically via SOAP calls.
 The service provides online payments via direct interaction with the buyer's bank to order a payment and the merchant's bank to deliver the payment. A seller application provides for product selection and purchase, then hands off the transaction to the payment service. It establishes contact with the buyer's bank on the buyer's behalf and submits a payment request URL. It then generates a credit URL for the seller's bank to complete transfer of the funds.
API methods support listing of banks that interact with the service, allowing an application to let the buyer choose. Methods then generate the payment request in the format accepted by the chosen bank and the confirmation notice to the seller's bank. "Nudge" methods provide updates to the buyer and seller upon completion of the transaction.
 PayJunction is a secure credit card processing service. Users of PayJunction can accept credit card payments on their websites, in their offices/stores, and via mobile phones.
The PayJunction API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayJunction with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving receipts and electronic signatures, managing payments, and accessing customer details.
 Merchee is an online and mobile application that allows users to accept payments and manage recurrent payments and subscription billing for their goods and services.
The Merchee API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Merchee with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing user information, managing customer information, and retrieving transaction details.
 Bitfloor is an online bitcoin trading platform. Users can trade bitcoins and transfer funds to accounts and wire payments.
The Bitfloor API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Bitfloor with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving market data, managing account information, and creating and managing orders.
 The service from Russia processes payments for online transactions such as e-commerce purchases. It is offered as a payment method option alongside credit cards and other methods. It generates an invoice for a completed transaction for online delivery to the buyer. Upon transfer of funds from the buyer, the service triggers fulfillment of the purchased good or service and brokers payment to the seller. This clearinghouse function protects sellers from defaulted payments while saving buyers from the need to create payment accounts with multiple sellers all holding their personal information.
API methods support submission of a transaction for payment and delivery of an invoice to the buyer. Methods support collection of funds from buyer and distribution to seller, along with the resulting trigger to fulfill delivery of the purchased product.
 Zeevex is a virtual currency sold on gift cards in retailers across the USA, and designed to be used for online games and other digital content. The Zeevex Game Wallet provides a RESTful interface for merchants to interact directly with purchase requests.
 Tejarat Bank offers online payment services through its Payment Gateway. Users can designate up to 5 accounts from which they would like to withdraw funds for transfer operations. The accounts receiving funds (remittance accounts) may belong to the user or to others. The Payment Gateway can be accessed programmatically using a SOAP API. The maximum transferable amount is currently 20,000,000 Iranian rial per working day. The website is provided in Persian with translations available in English, French, and German.
 cashU is an online payment service provider that focuses on serving the Middle East and North Africa. They provide global and regional online merchants with a suite of payment solutions designed to cater to the local culture and to Arabic online buying habits. Today, cashU serves online shoppers in all Arabic-speaking and surrounding countries, giving people the opportunity to buy online regardless of age, income, nationality, or banking contacts.
cashU is built on and around sophisticated, up-to-date fraud prevention and AML systems, reducing the risks associated with online payments for both buyers and sellers. cashU's online payment services can be accessed programmatically using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 instantPay.in is a provider of anytime, anywhere access to users' day to day Mobile & Data Card Top-ups, DTH Recharges and Utility Bill Payments via easy to integrate API. The API is compatible on all platforms. Interested developers can contact the provider for information about partnerships and API documentation.
 The service provides secure online payments for e-commerce and other online transactions via websites and mobile apps. A buyer establishes a confirmed account balance with the service prior to making the purchase and receives a voucher with a personal 16-digit PIN. The buyer can then enter the PIN to complete the purchase and release funds to the seller. The exchange is completed without entering personal data and storing it on a device or releasing it to the seller.
API methods support identifying a specific customer account with the payment service and submitting a current purchase transaction for payment against the account. Methods also support customer authorization of the payment and processing the transaction through release of funds to the seller. The API provides for notification of transaction completion to both buyer and seller.
 Clearhaus is an emerging European payment transaction provider. The Clearhaus Gateway API provides a RESTful interface for processing transactions. Endpoints are discoverable directly through the API, with supported calls including, debits, credits, and much more.
 Clearhaus is an emerging European payment transaction provider. The Clearhaus Resolve API provides resource discoverability services including chargebacks, data uploads, and retrieval requests. Endpoints are discoverable directly through the API.
bambora,-north-america didn't extract the description
 Chase Paymentech is an online payment system that provides credit card processing and online merchant services. They specialize in Card-Not-Present (CNP) payments for businesses of all sizes. For companies that sell abroad, they offer customized international processing solutions and guidance on accepting credit card payments overseas. For small or growing merchants, they can provide assistance with the payment process and help plan for expansion.
The Chase Paymentech payment system is accessible for registered users to the Chase / J.P. Morgan developer center, which includes services for E‑commerce Card Not Present, Chase Pay & Other Digital Wallets, Retail Card Present and International Payments.
 Barzahlen is a german based payment system that allows users to shop online, select Barzahlen as a payment method, print out a purchase form or receive a purchase form by SMS, then pay in person at a Barzahlen partner store. This approach aims to make online shopping more secure by allowing online selection, but in person payment. The Barzahlen API is available to allow users to integrate online shops with the Barzahlen payment system and includes merchandise management and back-end systems. The API is a JSON-based REST interface.
 Wirecard is an online payment processing solution that offers, personal, prepaid, wireless, and corporate payment services. The Wirecard API is offered as an option for integration in it's e-commerce payment processing service. The API allows users to accept and deliver payments, process returns, offer subscription payment systems, and other functions. The Wirecard API is a REST-based interface.
 AmberCart is an eCommerce service that allows users to add eCommerce functionality to websites and applications. AmberCart allows users to accept payments online and ship products.
The AmberCart Shipping API allows developers to access and integrate accurate shipping rates from USPS, UPS, and FedEx with other websites and applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
 Bitpay is an online payment service that uses bitcoins. Users can submit orders in over 30 currencies, display payment instructions, receive payment notifications, and receive payouts to banks in 9 countries. The BitPay API allows users to create an invoice, fetch an invoice status, and receive invoice status updates. The service uses REST calls and will return JSON. SSL and an API keys are used for authentication.
 The Russian-language service provides online payment processing for e-commerce and other exchanges. It frees a seller to handle all aspects of product display and merchandising then interface with the web service to complete payment transfer and conclude a transaction. In addition to balance transfers, the service provides status messages at each stage to move a buyer through the purchase process.
API methods support debits against a buyer's account and credits to the seller's account, once the buyer has completed selection and entered the payment process. Methods also support refunds from seller to buyer, collection and reporting on user statistics, filterable summaries of transactions processed, and detailed information about a particular transaction.
 Yootles is a group prediction and decision making mechanism that also includes a system for establishing social IOUs. Yootles uses a REST-style API to allows users to integrate the IOU service into other applications and make calls remotely to send, update, and track IOUs between users. An account is required with service, and an API Key must be obtained to use the API.
 EasyACH is a payment processing service that allows users to accept payments from customers using bank accounts and cease the use of paper checks. The EasyACH Paycenter API enables users to add, edit, and view bank accounts, add cancel and view subscriptions for re-occurring payments, star debits, credits, cancel transactions, refund payments and perform various other functions. The API uses REST calls and returns XML.
 [MerchantWARE is now Cayan, and has the following APIs available for consumption: Cayan Genius Transaction Processing, Cayan Genius Line Item Display, and Cayan Merchantware Soap. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
Merchant Warehouse is a payment processing provider offering the MerchantWare suite. The suite is a web-based payment gateway and virtual terminal that lets merchants securely process transactions and manage their merchant account. MerchantWare supports batch processing and multiple user login access for enhanced account and user management, virtual terminal back-up capabilities, advanced transaction reporting and more.
The API allows merchants to integrate payment processing functionality into their own software products and POS systems. Interested developers should contact the provider for more information.
 The service provides payment functionality based on an escrow system in which funds are held for distribution when terms of sale are completed, as when a product is delivered. It provides tools for stating and revising offer terms until both parties agree, then it accepts and holds payment until the party paying agrees to release the funds. The neutral third party helps to ensure agreement on terms and fulfillment of both delivery and payment, which encourages trust between parties unfamiliar to one another.
API methods support creating a "Transpact" agreement between contracting parties and confirming fulfillment to allow dispersal of funds or voiding an agreement previously created. Methods also support listing of a party's current and past agreements to allow risk assessment.
 Mollie is a Netherlands based SMS provider of both SMS and payments services. Through Mollie, customers can use iDEAL, the most widely used online payment method in the Netherlands. Other payment services include the use of the paysafecard, the most widely used prepaid card for online payments, pay per call, pay per minute, and pay per SMS.
The Payments APIs are a suite of APIs that give developers access to the payment functionalities of Mollie. These include iDEAL payments, integrating paysafecard functionality into a website, phone based micropayments and more. The APIs uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML. The site and documentation are in Dutch.
 Guardian is a provider of payment processing solutions used to improve routing, connectivity and integration; reduce transactional and operational costs; increase security; and improve payment information management.
Guardian's Payment Director is for users that have a current payment platform but have payment processing needs such as executive-level summary reports and trend analysis and tokenization of credit card numbers and ACH information. A suite of APIs is available including real-time credit card authorization, charge and refund; batch credit card authorization and charges; ACH and remote deposit capture check and ACH and credit card account tokenization. The APIs use SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The service headquartered in Thailand provides for online payments by credit card through familiar networks such as Paypal, MasterCard, Visa, and others. It enables e-commerce and online business overall by quickly and securely processing payments. Sample code is available for PHP/MySQL and .NET environments.
API methods support retrieving invoice data and status information about an invoice. Methods also support uploading current payment information including payor, card and account information, and purchase invoice including product and price. The API also manages currency rates and other details of international transactions.
bank-of-lithuania-payments didn't extract the description
 The Postcode Everywhere API provided by AFD Software enables developers to look up addresses and banking information programmatically. API calls enable users to search for addresses based on a free-text search string, some or all fields of the address, or a postcode. Additional calls are provided for validating bank account or credit card details, looking up bank details, and searching for banks matching certain parameters. These services are accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 PassSlot is a service for developers for Passbook integration with their applications. Developers can create passes and tickets for Apple's PassBook.
The PassSlot API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassSlot with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving passes, creating and editing passes and templates, and retrieving information associated with passes.
 PassKit is a pass and ticket generator for Apple's PassBook. PassKit offers templates and designs for event tickets, coupons, giftcards, and boarding passes.
The PassKit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassKit with PassBook and other applications. Public documentation is not available; instructions for API access can be found here: http://passk.it/.
 PassSource is a service for creating passes and tickets for Apple's PassBook. PassSource offers templates for various "passes," such as event tickets, boarding passes, giftcards, and coupons.
The PassSource API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassSource with PassBook and other applications. Some example API methods include creating passes, uploading passes, scanning passes, and retrieving information about passes.
 PassDock is a service that allows users to create and generate "passes" and content for Apple's PassBook. PassDock offers various templates to create boarding passes, event tickets, coupons, and store cards for PassBook.
The PassDock API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassDock with PassBook and other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving templates, creating passes, posting passes, and deleting passes.
 Batchex is an online payment solutions provider. They offer sellers, retailers, and other businesses tools for streamlined billing processes. Their payment distribution service allows users to upload payout data and set up billing schedules. Batchex will interpret the data and send payments as checks or electronically. Batchex will also provide reports on payment statuses and processing. The Batchex API exposes uploading functionality that allows users to load up payout reports and data.
 Taulia is a supply chain management and vendor service that allows users to integrate supplier data into current workflow solutions, send e-invoices and business documents, and build discounting capabilities. The API also enables users to get lists of recently created or updated documents, perform analysis of invoices and request early payment, programmatically access all of the Taulia Vendor Portal functions, and connect with messaging systems to stay in contact with customers and suppliers. The service uses REST calls. Submit a request to gain access to the SDKs.
 The service, based in Sweden, provides services for mobile devices including messaging and online payments via all mobile operator networks. It enables both SMS text messaging and MMS multimedia messaging for Swedish recipients, with options for interactive surveys. A mobile publishing service provides display pages for online marketing campaigns and shopping services for e-commerce, with payment processing via credit card.
API methods support sending SMS and MMS messages, both to individual recipients and to subscriber lists, and receiving responses. Methods also support mobile payment for online content and purchases via the shopping service. The API generates statistics logging system traffic and provides detailed reporting capabilities.
 Fidesic is an online payment service built to work with Microsoft Dynamics GP and other accounting applications. It automates the delivery of invoices or statements as well as customer payments via email, fax, or US Mail. Fidesic also automates the receipt of Automated Clearing House (ACH) and credit card payments online using a customized internet payment gateway. Fidesic's services can be integrated with other software and services using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 The MasterCard rePower API provides consumers with a convenient way to add funds to their eligible MasterCard®, Maestro®, or non-branded payment account (e.g. Debit, Prepaid) at thousands of participating retailers. The rePower network offers a way for issuers to extend cash load capabilities for their card programs, use existing MasterCard processing and transaction codes to make participation easier, and supports standard next-day settlement of funds. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 The MasterCard Developer Zone opens up MasterCard's financial and data services allowing developers to create applications that interact with MasterCard's global network.
The Lost-Stolen Account List API helps users manage their risk by providing a list of lost/stolen account numbers. This lets ecommerce providers to validate accounts against known accounts that have been reported as lost or stolen. The API returns account status along with a reason for an account being listed. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 USA ePay is a business payment solution for processing transactions quickly, safely, and securely. It offers all the functions of a credit card machine online, as well as enabling merchants to view a wide array of reports. Transaction data is stored for the life of the account, and merchants can choose to view a report for their entire processing history or for just the past day.
The Customer Billing section of the Merchant Console allows merchants to create a customer database and to create and maintain auto-billing cycles for those customers. The Batch Uploader allows merchants to upload files of transactions and then process them without having to key them in one at a time.
USA ePay provides an API to make its services available programmatically for integration with other software and services. The API functions using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 OKPAY is a payment service designed for use by online businesses, including merchants, financial institutions, online games, software providers, payout projects, and freelancers. It can be used to make all kinds of payments as well as to send or receive money. International bank transfers and online currency exchanges are supported, along with ten different e-currencies.
OKPAY provides SOAP APIs that enable developers to build custom applications, tools, and services that integrate OKPAY's functions. Typical applications may include searching for transactions, paying en masse, and making refunds.
 Allied Wallet provides global e-commerce merchant services and payment processing solutions. Allied Walletâ€™s series of APIs allow customers to automate online payment processing, process transactions, and more.
 PayChoice is an Australian payment gateway service which allows merchants to process credit card and direct debit payments from their customers with or without a merchant bank account.
The PayChoice Payment Gateway API allows developers to access and integrate the PayChoice functionality with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include testing credit cards, processing payments, and managing account information.
 The Clay.io API allows developers to enhance their HTML5 games with features like leaderboards, achievements, data storage, payment processing, social integration and more. The emphasis of the API is its payment features, giving developers the option to require payment for game access or free game access. Clay.io offers a javascript installation and responses are formatted in JSON.
 UniPay is a provider of enterprise class online billing software. The software can act as as a transaction processing or recurring billing system, as well as a relationship management and merchant management platform.
The solution is comprised of 4 modules: UniCharge â€“ a transaction processing and remittance engine UniBill â€“ a recurring billing, account management and collections UniSell â€“ contract management and point of sale services UniBroker â€“ traffic broker designed to increase security and reduce PCI scope
The functionality of each module is available via a suite of RESTful APIs.
 PayGround's Express Checkout is a remote payment service that operates through PayGround's Mobile Payment system. It is designed to allow consumers to complete transactions quickly, using only their mobile number. Customers input their mobile phone number at the merchantÂ´s checkout where the Express Checkout service is offered. PayGround then matches the mobile phone number with the customer's social security number, address, credit check, etc. using a series of look-ups. The customer chooses whether they would like to receive an invoice or to charge a debit or credit card. Thus, the payment does not end up on the usual mobile operator bill.
The Express Checkout system is integrated into the developer's online checkout process using SOAP or REST APIs. Although parts of the PayGround website are offered in English, much of the API documentation is provided exclusively in Swedish.
 PAYMILL’s developer friendly REST API lets you accept credit and debit card payments directly in your website and mobile application. Available across Europe, online businesses are able to accept online payments globally, enabling them to scale internationally from the get-go. The API gives you full control of your checkout so you can deliver a user experience optimised for higher conversions. And with heavy-duty security measures already built-in – you can rest easy knowing your data secured.
Further information at www.paymill.com
 The Adyen REST API returns payments data supporting JSON and URI Query String/CRUD formats and can be authenticated by API Key.
Adyen provides hosted payment pages for merchants. Their solution supports multiple currencies and accepts over 100 payment methods across Europe, USA, Asia, and Latin America. Some of the functionality of the service includes one-click payments, single screen payment pages, and A/B testing of payment pages.
 Bilbus is an e-invoicing/financing solution that allows users to monitor what their customers owe as well as set up loan services for managing unexpected monetary gaps. Users can arrange financial service connections from Bilbus matched commercial lenders in the Bilbus Working Capital Hub.
The SOAP based API features returns in XML and allows third party applications access and the ability to manipulate invoice data stored within Bilbus as well as customer information. Calls include: Create/Update customer. Fetch customer (according to filter setting), Create/Update invoice. Fetch invoice (according to filter setting)
 The service, headquartered in Vietnam, provides a check for fraud in a pending e-commerce transaction and returns results including a recommendation to proceed with the transaction or close it out uncompleted. It analyzes information about the purchaser, including billing and shipping addresses, in comparison to IP address, bank identification number, and other variables. A component for IP-to-location helps to verify consistency of information provided by the purchaser.
API methods support fraud analysis for a transaction based on submitted customer email, phone, and shipping and billing addresses, as well as IP address and bank identification number of the payment card. Methods can return results of the fraud check with a recommendation to complete or block the transaction. Options include verifying the phone number and bank identification number and matching IP address to the purchaser's location.
 The PayBy.Me API supports GET HTTP methods that return mobile payments platform features. Businesses can set up plans that allow their customers to pay by mobile or home telephone. Samples available in .NET and PHP languages.
 The service provides financial management tools across all functions of a financial institution via a software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform. In addition to basic transaction processing, including micropayments, and lending, it allows for customer account creation, updating, and reporting. The service can interact with retailers for point-of-sale (POS) processing and other external services such as credit scoring agencies.
API methods support creating and updating customer accounts with balance monitoring, deposit acceptance, and payment processing. Methods also support financial arrangements such as savings accounts and loans, interaction with automated teller machines (ATMs) and POS systems, and accounting processes via general ledger postings. The API includes full support for currency conversions and other locally relevant practices.
 Storenvy assists in developing online stores for clients as well as aggregating independent online stores into a web marketplace with over 18,000 stores at present. Users can either open their own online store utilizing their tools and API or browse and shop through the growing directory.
The API is currently in private beta (request a beta invite).
Developers using the API can manage their storefront, monitor and control order fulfillments, and receive event notifications through a REST interface in a JSON format. The API fully supports OAUTH2 and allows developers to create useful third-party apps for Storenvy merchants. Utilizing the storeâ€™s API key, developers can also connect directly with their own store and augment its functionality.
the-finder-sales-tax didn't extract the description
 PayTech is financial transactions platform. Their payment solutions product, EzPay, serves a payment gateway and transaction processing service for Automated Clearinghouse transactions. Merchants can use the EzPay gateway for processing credit card transactions, while businesses can use it to integrate online payment options to their online services. Their API exposes the payment processing functionality and is intended for integrations with other services, such as shopping cart checkouts. It is based on a RESTful protocol.
 The Mpulse WapBilling API is used to carry out online transactions. These may be simple, one-time purchases or recurring subscriptions. Additional functions allow users to check the statuses of transactions and to send confirmation messages to customers in English, French, or German.
The Mpulse website is provided in both French and English.
 RestFul Web Services provides a suite of financial APIs for performing a variety of tasks. This includes retrieving information on stock quotes, currency conversion rates, or the London Gold Fix (the price of gold on the London market). The FedACH Service provides financial institutions with batched payment services that enable an electronic exchange of debit and credit through the Automated Clearing House (ACH) network.
These services are accessible using either SOAP or REST calls in XML format. All calls are directed toward WSDL endpoints, regardless of the protocol used.
 FileCopter is a free file hosting service that also pays users when other people download the users uploaded files. When a file is uploaded, a download link is generated and the owner of the files will receive $20 for every 10,000 downloads of the file. The FileCopter API uses REST calls to get file information or upload files directly to the server. An API key is required to access the API interface.
 Cash-Ticket is an online payment service for merchants and customers. The API is available in SOAP and, on a more limited basis, HTTP. The API enables users of the Cash-Ticket build a secure payment system into web shops using SSLv3. An account is required with service.
 TargetPay is a web based payment system accessible to websites and mobile sites. The Mister Cash API enables users to integrate the TargetPay online payment system into web shops and mobile applications. The service is based in the Netherlands but available internationally. The service has no setup or monthly fees but usage over 500 payments a month will require a licensing agreement.
 The service provides processing of payments via credit cards, debit cards, and automated clearinghouse (ACH) collection on checks. It provides pre-authorization and final payment for online applications in each payment option. Additional payment options include EBT and gift cards. The service can also handle refunds, transaction updates, and related corrections to posted payments.
API methods support submission of a pre-authorization or payment request specifying merchant, customer, card number or bank information, and transaction amount. Methods also allow updating merchant account information and summaries of transactions for a merchant. Methods support scheduling of recurring payments for subscription transactions.
 The service from Iceland provides PCI-compliant processing of online payments via credit cards and debit cards, with CVV validation. It allows pre-authorization of transactions and final payment processing, including funds capture. It also allows processing of refunds and updating or voiding transactions.
API methods support submission of a transaction for payment, with seller information, transaction amount, and customer name, card number, etc. Methods also handle pre-authorization, voiding a pending transaction, and processing a refund, if needed. Rebilling methods allow scheduling of recurring payments.
 The service provides payments for corporate and organizational payables to both local and global vendors via 135 banking relationships. Payment recipients have flexible options for transferring funds to their own bank accounts or to other destinations: a credit card, a specified account with another organization or even back to the payer to cover balances owed. The service also gives access to international merchant credit cards.
API methods support management of merchant accounts, payment accounts, and individual payment transactions. Methods manage transfers from a specific eWallet account to multiple destinations, including a bank account, a credit card account, a stored value card, a phone or wire transfer service as well as generating a check.
 The Paydiant B2B Customer Care API returns JSON data with payment features to integrate into POS applications and mobile applications. The API allows developers to create a site that can access the Paydiant platform through its B2B Gateway. All communication, regardless of transport, needs to run over a TLS encrypted HTTPS session.
 The service from Australia Post provides credit card processing for e-commerce transactions and bill payments. It handles debit card payments, as well, with integration options based on white-label service and embedded iframes, in addition to API access.
API methods support submission of transaction amount, vendor, and card details (number, expiration date, and CVV code). Methods also support pre-authorization of transaction payments without transfer of funds, as well as voiding pending transactions and and completion of refunds for existing transactions.
 PingPing is a mobile payment system that allows users to purchase products and services with their mobile phones. The PingPing API allows users to add a PingPing payment button to merchant websites. The API enables 1 click shopping verified through text messages to the user. Technical documentation is available upon request. Documentation is available upon request.
 Balanced is an integrated payments solution for online marketplaces. With the Balanced API, users can integrate a payments experience such as in Amazon for their own marketplace. Balanced allows users to bypass dealing with banking systems, compliance, fraud, and security. Additional functionality includes allowing users to hold funds up to seven days before transferring them to a marketplace and tokenizing cards and bank accounts on the client and associating the card securely with the user's Balanced account. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 VK is a popular European social networking website. The VK Payments API it offers provides a means of connecting applications and external internet stores to the VK payment system. This allows buyers to pay for items and services in an internet store from their personal VK account. One unique feature of the VK payment system is that it allows users to chip in together on purchases with their friends.
 BancBox is a financial solutions service. BancBox allows users to collect, manage, store, and send money and payments. BancBox can be integrated into applications for in-app payments.
The BancBox API allows developers to integrate the functionality of BancBox with other applications. Some example API methods include managing client information, managing payments, scheduling payments, and retrieving account activity.
 The SortMyBooks API allows users to either access and use their SortMyBooks account, or integrate the service into their other applications. The API comes in both a SOAP and JSON protocol, and returns in JSON or HTML. The documentation includes a PHP application that demonstrates the API integration, full documentation is available with log in.
 The service provides processing of payments related to e-commerce and online shopping activities. Functions available via the web and mobile devices include electronic invoicing, bill payment, and virtual terminal for processing payments by phone. The service can also process payments via Facebook and Paypal.
API methods support creation of invoices, either individually or on a recurring, scheduled basis. Methods can resolve payments via credit card, debit card, or automated clearinghouse (ACH) processes. Methods provide for management of customer/payor and recipient accounts, with regular reporting of transaction amounts and other details.
 The service helps not-for-profit organizations to manage fund-raising campaigns and donations, including ongoing relationships with donors and other sources of funding. It provides coordinated interactions via websites, social media outlets, and mobile devices to simplify accepting money whenever and however it is offered.
The API supports queries against information about the not-for-profit's account, fund-raising campaigns, and donations received. Methods support tracking of communications with and contributions from donors over time. Methods also support interaction with the organization's bank account to aid processing of payments.
 SubscriptionBridge is a subscription management system provided by Early Impact, an ecommerce solutions business. SubscriptionBridge combines automated recurring billing with account management functions. The account management functions allow online retailers to communicate with their customers, adjust or customize customersâ€™ subscription plans, and more. They offer an API to integrate SubscriptionBridge with other web tools for merchants, such as checkout, shopping carts, and notification systems. It is a RESTful API and returns XML-formatted data.
 BoxBilling is a payment management system for services and products like software licenses, web hosting, and downloadable products. It allows merchants to manage clients and their payment schedules. Merchants can monitor and automate invoicing from an administrators dashboard and set up multiple payment gateways. BoxBilling offers APIs for Guest-based services, Clients, and Admins. They are all RESTful APIs that return JSON-formatted data.
 iZettle is a mobile, tablet, and website payment application. Users can accept payments via mobiles, tablets, and the web with iZettle.
The iZettle API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iZettle with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, processing payments, and retrieving payment information.
 Payson is an online payment service that allows you to shop or receive payment using it. The Payson API operates through HTTP Post calls and returns confirmation tokens to verify transactions. The API has full documentation of sample calls including code for building it into your system programming libraries C# and PHP. This site is in Swedish.
 Pin is an Australian payment system. They provide a simple API for transacting credit card payments. Users can retrieve patron information such as card number, expiry dates, addresses and more, by their email addresses. Pin also provides a web interface and a dashboard for visualizing and managing transactions. Pin is a REST-based API that returns JSON-formatted data.
 Geodrop is a platform for sending and receiving SMS messages as well as mobile payments. Users can send a bulk SMS message and receive them via a dedicated number. The API gives users the ability to send and receive messages, look up contact information, and make mobile payments. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON. Some documentation is in Italian.
 The ICEPAY API in REST architecture uses JSON formats to process payments and transactions online. With the API, developers can implement checkouts, recurring payments, fund transfers, and refund services.
 The service provides payment processing for e-commerce serving Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, and Chile. Payments are denominated in any of the four local currencies. Implementation options include a white-label page to be formatted to match the base application, an iframe to embed the payment function in a local HTML page, or full API integration.
API methods support submission of a payment request specifying currency, price, product purchased, purchaser, and any accompanying message. Payment is processed and a bar code image is returned to the requesting application.
 PayAnywhere is an online and mobile application that allows users to accept and process credit card statements on smartphones and tablets.
The PayAnywhere API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayAnywhere with other applications for mobile or web. Interested developers should contact developers@payanywhere.com for API access.
 Payfirma is a payment solutions provider. Their products are intended for businesses to offer flexible payment options to their customers. These services support online vendors and physical locations and include solutions such as mobile point-of-sale systems, ecommerce payments, and billing. For developers with accounts, Payfirma provides XML standards-based APIs that expose customer data and ecommerce functionality. They also provide APIs to developers for integration with other or new services.
 ZooZ provides a quick and easy way to checkout and pay on mobile devices. With the multi-platform ZooZ SDK, mobile developers can easily integrate secure in-app payments with a few lines of code. After integration, app users are offered a true mobile wallet that is fast, easy to use and secure. ZooZ also aggregates various payment sources, such as credit cards and PayPal in one universal solution (additional eWallets and carrier billing coming soon). User details are securely stored in a cloud environment and shared across supporting apps, resulting in higher conversion rates and a quicker checkout experience.
 The U.K. service processes payments by credit card and debit card for puchases online. It emphasizes large-volume processing with integration documentation and available live technical support. Applications can implement via service-hosted secure payment page or API integration.
API methods support secure submission of buyer and payment card information, with return of pre-authorization status. Methods can complete payment and support transaction confirmation messaging.
 VersaPay is an electronic checking and invoicing service. It offers a well-integrated package of automated payments methods, from payment requests to notification upon delivery. Users can send and accept e-payments, and electronically track all transactions. All of the data be exported or automated to notify users and recipients. Their API suite allows developers to integrate the payment request system, payment transfers, and notifications. Included APIs are: Fund Sources, Transactions, Debit Agreements, and Webhook. They are RESTful APIs that return JSON and XML formatted data.
 The service provides tools for managing balances of bitcoin virtual currency. It summarizes activity within the bitcoin network and provides statistics to guide an application's involvement in group effort to generate bitcoin, with the resulting balance shared among participants.
API methods support summaries of statistics for worldwide bitcoin activity. Methods also provide statistics on the hash rate generated by network activity, the number of workers active in the network, the number of users, and the rounds of activity completed.
 Clover is a one-tap payment app for mobile purchases. It offers two layers of security by locking the account to a phone number/mobile device and requiring PIN authentication. The user enters payment and shipping information just once, then can make mobile purchases with a click on the Clover icon.
The Clover REST API is available for merchants to list, accept, reject and refund orders using RESTful calls.
 ePayment provides University of British Columbia (UBC) departments with secure, real-time authorization and processing services for credit card and Interac Online payments. The ePayment API is suitable for merchants who have their own website or shopping cart and require online payment processing. ePayment will generate JVs for all authorized payments to record the purchases in UBC's Financial Management System (FMS).
 Buyvite is a group purchasing platform available via web, mobile and Facebook apps. It allows the user to organize group purchases like event tickets, gifts, flights, etc. and collect money easily through the secure payment platform. The API uses POST requests to submit transactions and retrieve account information.
 PayPass Online allows checkout from a site or app using any wallet that belongs to the Paypass Online network. This speeds up the checkout process by allowing customers to use the payment and shipping information already associated with their wallet of choice on the network. PayPass Online supports full and mobile sites and both Android and iOS apps. This service is free for both consumers and merchants.
 The Visual DataFlex ElfProef API allows users to perform ElfProef tests. This is a CRC (cyclic redundancy check) technique used as a test in Dutch electronic payments to determine if a bank account number is valid. It does so by adding the given number's digits and dividing by 11. Valid numbers will return an integer. This API can be accessed via SOAP calls using the XML data format.
 GiftRocket is gift card money transferring service. First, users buy their friends a gift card online and then GiftRocket sends the recipients money to redeem the present, by check, PayPal, or bank transfer. The API provides users access to gift card purchasing functionality. It is a RESTful API that responds in JSON. Access and an API key are granted by request.
 Currencycloud is a payments platform offering Cross Border Payments as a Service. The platform enables companies, regulated and unregulated, to fully automate currency receiving, conversion and payment across 140 currencies in 200 countries for their own needs or to enhance their services out to their customers. The platform takes care of the complexities of connecting to and finding the best exchange rates and connecting to and optimizing across the multitude of international payment networks. Currencycloud simplifies and lowers costs of cross currency transfers while delivering more control and reducing operational risk and overhead. Currencycloud API enables businesses to embed our capabilities within their own internal or client facing applications and services. For example, You may want to connect Currencycloud to your accounting software for effortless straight through processing of transaction data for yourself, or if an ERP or accounting solution provider, to deliver a value added service to your customers. Alternatively, as a online or mobile payments firm, you may want to lower the costs of your international payments service or add a new capability to deliver cross border payments.
 txtNation is a Mobile Billing and SMS Messaging provider. The Payforit API allows developers to bill their users' phones without making them leave the WAP site. The API is a one off payment version of the Payforit system accessed using the txtNation Gateway.
Once the user has chosen to pay for a particular product on the WAP site, developer should pass variables describing the product and transaction to initiate the transaction. These variables are sent with either the GET or POST method.
 HostBill is a payment and invoice management service. Their services include automated billing, payment management, and client data tracking. The API provides registered users with access to their client, invoice, and services data in real-time through an HTML protocol. They also provide a free PHP HB wrapper that simplifies calls and stores usersâ€™ API authentication details. The API is only available to users with installed HostBill accounts.
 The Visa Point-of-Sale (POS) Solutions Program gives participating payment technology providers access to Visaâ€™s financial transaction network. Through this API, users can code their POS systems to process credit payment transactions for Visa and supported cards such as, Discover and American Express. Visa will also provide a transaction-history document. The API uses XML format. Public documentation is not available and developers must register for access.
 Pay It Square is a service that lets users utilize their PayPal accounts to collect money from groups. The service allows organizers to create a web page that describes what they are trying to collect for, the amount needed from each group member and a list of people that still owe money. In addition to PayPal, people can pay using their bank account or credit card. The Pay It Square API lets developers access the service's functionality needed for organizing and managing a collection page. Functionality includes standard CRUD operations on collection pages, payment options, organizers, questions, currencies and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 The service validates a submitted taxpayer identification number (TIN) to verify a match with the correct name on a payee record. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) imposes heavy penalties for data submissions with inaccurate TINs. The service allows applications to call validation functions and confirm accuracy before submitted data.
API methods support submission of TIN data to retrieve associated first and last names and address. U.S. address format includes two possible street links, city, state, and ZIP code.
 The service handles payment processing for real-time transactions with configurable checkout functional and data components and secure exchanges and storage of customer payment data. It builds customer profiles in compliance with PCI processing requirements and can process scheduled and recurring payments.
API methods support secure submission of transaction information, validating a pending order, submitting preauthorization requests, and completing payment. Related methods handle creating and updating customer accounts, processing refunds, scheduling recurring payments, and calculating shipping charges.
 The service provides storefront, shopping cart, checkout functions compliant with PCI and DSS specifications. A configurable feature set and display allow integration with other sites, and API integration allows application level interaction. Variable tax and shipping options are controlled for each account.
API methods support creation and management of product catalog entries, product categories for grouping similar items, and rules for pricing and shipping. Methods also support booking transactions and processing payments. Administrative functions include customer account creation and updating, blast email communications, and order exporting or reporting.
 txtNation is a Mobile Billing and SMS Messaging provider.
The txtNation Gateway can be used to deploy any mobile billing or messaging related services, including SMS based campaigns into existing platforms. The SMS Gateway enables businesses to facilitate SMS messaging between themselves and their mobile subscribers. It also allows messages to be sent using the SMPP platform. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 card.io is a mobile payment service. card.io can be integrated within applications for mobile payments. card.io uses the mobile phone's camera for credit card scanning and payment processing.
The card.io API allows developers to integrate the functionality of card.io with other applications. The main API method is accepting payments and retrieving credit card and payment information.
 WAC is a mobile payment service application. Their products offer in-application payment services for mobile applications.
The WAC Payment API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WAC Payment with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving lists of payments, and managing payments.
 CashFlows is a web and mobile payment service. CashFlows allows businesses to invoice and collect payments from their customers via web or mobile payment platforms.
The CashFlows API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CashFlows with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include payment management, user account management, and invoicing accounts.
 The service books online orders and allows retrieval, updates to item quantity and other details, and processes credit card payment. Orders can be handled within the service or imported into other applications. After updating and processing an order and completing payment, the service emails customer confirmation messaging.
API methods support retrieval of orders for a specific merchant matching criteria in the request and updating of specified orders. Methods also support processing of credit card payment and communicating order fulfillment to customers.
 The service provides order management for online purchases. It accepts submission of order information, then verifies product availability and buyer's credit status. Inventory management functions allow for reorders from prior purchases, immediate and deferred purchases, and related transactions that anticipate future availability.
API methods support processing of purchase information and payment for immediate purchases. Methods also support checks against customer authorization, credit limits, and other seller purchase policies. The API handles orders associated with dealers and sales representatives for proper commission payments and reduced-price employee purchases.
click&pledge didn't extract the description
 The Turkish service provides a single platform to collect payments via mobile devices, using either SMS text message, GSM messaging, or web. Payment functions handle transactions like physical products, website subscriptions, content payments, online games, online betting, movie and event ticketing, and more.
API methods support registration of a vendor's SMS application and exchanging messages as well as registration and interactions with a web commerce application. The service processes the requested payment and returns a status message with confirmation or error notification.
 The service processes online payments, either one-time or recurring charges by credit card, debit card, or ACH charge against buyer bank account. It provides real-time authorization for payments processed. A token-based system for scheduled payments prevents the need to store card numbers or bank account data, maintaining PCI security compliance and preventing liability through data loss.
API methods support completing one-time, same-day payments as well as scheduling recurring payments for time-based contracts. Methods also allow verification of bank account information and user update of payment account information.
 The service handles processing of Visa or MasterCard credit card payments, either from an application's custom page or through a secure page hosted by the provider. Both credit card and debit card payments are processed, and recurring payments can be scheduled.
API methods support submission of transaction and cardholder information, for debit cards or credit cards. Returned data detail either purchase pre-authorization status or full payment processing outcomes. Methods also support refunds of processed payments and related functions.
 Jumio Netswipe is an online and mobile payment service. Jumio Netswipe allows for traditional payment transactions, like typing in credit card information, or a newer way to pay, like swiping their card online.
The Jumio Netswipe API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Jumio Netswipe with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving payment information, managing users, and managing account information.
 Rogers is a leading provider of Wireless, Digital Cable TV, High Speed Internet and other mobile phone and data services throughout Canada. Catalyst is a third party developer program giving developers a space to build their products using Rogers' assets including SMS, LBS, and Carrier Billing APIs.
The Payment API allows developers to use third party applications to charge services to a subscriber invoice, process payments, grant refunds and manage subscriptions. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Chirpify is a service that allows users to turn Tweets into transactions. Chirpify offers functionality for Tweets to become payments, sales transactions, donations, and other eCommerce transactions.
The Chirpify API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Chirpify with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include integrated eCommerce functionality into applications, receiving real-time payments over Twitter, and scheduling automatic Tweets. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here http://chirpify.com/twitter_commerce/contact.
 Zipmark is an online and mobile application that allows users to pay for things out of their accounts automatically. Users can pay for things such as rent, other bills, and other Zipmark users.
The Zipmark API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Zipmark with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here http://dev.zipmark.com/ for more information.
 The service processes payments for web and mobile application purchases, either one-time or recurring, from balances maintained with the service. Applications can integrate selling/shopping access with the service to complete mobile phone charges, set up customer billing, and complete customer transactions.
API methods allow submission of customer purchase details, including identity information, language, product purchased and price, etc. Response includes order identifier, total order price, national currency, and merchant information. Methods also support posting of subscription purchases.
gsma-oneapi-payment didn't extract the description
 Bango's service provides a platform for automated mobile billing and analytics. The Events Notification API allows users to find out real time information about payments, subscriptions and marketing opt-ins. Events are related to objects within the Bango system such as purchases made and marketing subscriptions and are described as an action on that object. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
unicef-50/50 didn't extract the description
 CardSpring is a payment network platform. CardSpring offers an API that allows developers to create applications tied to payment cards. Applications such as loyalty programs, digital coupons, and adding account information to a payment card can be built. The CardSpring API allows for integration with other applications and services, such as merchant and point-of-sale applications.
Public documentation is not available; documentation can be accessed with login.
 Kole Imports is a direct importer and wholesale distributor of discount and dollar store merchandise. The API allows customers to acquire data about Kole's product line, submit orders and track orders. Methods exposed by the API include listings of resources, account information, product specific information, order information and more. The API uses RESTful calls with responses in XML and JSON.
 GoCardless is a service that lets users accept online payments. Users can get paid directly from their customersâ€™ bank accounts without the need for a merchant account and without credit card fees. The API gives developers access to the same functionality as the service. With the API users can create subscriptions, pre authorizations and bills. In addition they can read existing resources and create bills under an existing pre authorization. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 The service handles online payments via credit card, ACH bank account debits, and RecurPay scheduled payments. All services implement the provider's Fraud Detection Suite (FDS) with configrable filters to prevent suspicious transactions, reducing risk of potentially costly fraudulent payments.
API methods support requests to process one-time and scheduled, recurring payments via credit card and ACH bank account debit. Methods also enforce rules determined by the using application to detect possible fraudulent transactions before processing.
 Paxum offers a secure ewallet payment service that lets users pay merchants and other users by transferring funds from banks. The Paxum Payment API gives developers the ability to implement direct payment processing. Integrating the API lets users accommodate various payment methods including prepaid cards, checks and wire transfers while working with a single provider to process and manage all online payments. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 Xsolla is a provider of localized in-game payment solutions specializing in MMO, social, mobile and casual games. The Xsolla platform provides access to over 150 payment options including credit and pre-paid cards, mobile payments, premium SMS, E-wallets, cash and e-cash, payment kiosks and offers. Xsolla also provides statistics such as RPU (Revenue Per User) and ARPPU (Average Revenue Per Paying User) that allow partners to analyze their players' habits and payment options used.
The Xsolla API offers a suite of services for integrating payment services into a game. API functionality includes invoicing, write-offs, payments via cash kiosks, registration and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 eWAY is an Australian payment gateway solution that lets retailers process their customers' online payment transactions in real time. Services are available for merchants in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, and soon to be available in the United States.
eWAY's Rapid 3.1 API allows developers to integrate the eWAY services into their own web sites and applications. Functionality includes the ability to offer hosted and redirected payment processing, refund processing, setup of automated payments, fraud monitoring and more.
 Centili is a cloud based mobile payments service. Consumers can use Centili to charge their purchases of online products to their phone bill. The Centili API gives partners the ability to control and customize their payment process. The API can be used by independent developers, B2B Partners, commercial cloud solutions and vertical market specialists. API documentation is not publicly available but can be access to registered partners.
 OLO is an online ordering platform that can be integrated with point-of-sale (POS) systems. Users can use OLO to offer online ordering on their websites and mobile applications.
The OLO API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of OLO with other applications and to create new features. Public documentation is not available, but the API is open to developers to integrate and build applications. Interested developers should email info@olo.com for more information.
 Splitable is a service that allows users to split the cost of purchasing goods, services, and food. Users can determine the breakdown of costs among the people they are splitting the cost with and send them details about the good, service, etc.
The Splitable API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Checkout by Splitable, which enables companies to allow their customers to split the cost of goods and services. Methods include managing details about the goods or services, managing cost information, and sending invoices.
 UltraCart is an online shopping cart and e-commerce service, providing users with the functionality to connect their sites to UltraCart's hosted platform. The UltraCart platform can be hooked up to many facets of an e-commerce business; in addition to checkout, their software integrates with payment processing, shopping carts, marketing management, shipping, and accounting systems.
UtraCart has both JavaScript and SOAP-based Checkout API's, however, their SOAP services are largely undocumented as they turn users towards their JavaScript web services. The Checkout API exposes a wide range of functionality, allowing developers to programmatically interact with UltraCart's e-commerce platform. Example methods for this API include creating a cart, getting items, handing off to Google Checkout or PayPal, cart validation, and applying coupons.
 GoToBilling is an online payment processing gateway that supports a wide variety of payment types including credit cards, vendor payments, direct deposits, recurring payments, mobile payments, and business to business payments. GoToBilling was founded with the intent to create a service supporting all varieties of payment needs, all from one central interface.
The GoToBilling SOAP web service's main functions are to create and update customers records and accounts, search for future, pending and past transactions, and process transactions. This SOAP-based web service can be used to integrate any new or existing website or application with the GoToBilling system.
 iPayDNA is a online payment service that provides credit card, debit card, and non-card payment processing services to online merchants. iPayDNA has a focus on international transactions, and supports a wide variety of currencies.
The iPayDNA API exposes functionality for processing payments, voiding, and refunding. This web service can be used to integrate iPayDNA's payment systems with your site or application.
 ACHWorks provides payment technology that facilitates the processing of commercial transactions through the Automated Clearing House (ACH) Network. The ACHWorks SOAP API allows users to integrate the ACHWorks functionality with their existing software, regardless of what platform or programming language their systems use.
 fetchflow is an online invoicing and payment service. fetchflow users can create and send online invoices, manage invoices online, and accept online payments from their customers and clients.
The fetchflow API allows developers to integrate fetchflow functionality and data with other applications and creating other applications. Some example API methods include accessing client information, creating and managing invoices, and retrieving estimate information.
 Klarna is a online payment service that allows businesses to accept online payments without their customers having to use a credit card. Klarna can also be used by individuals to pay for goods online without using a credit card.
The Klarna API allows developers to integrate Klarna's functionality with other applications. Some example API methods include emailing invoices, crediting invoices, calculating costs, and managing inventories.
 The popular online payment giant PayPal provides a variety of API's that allow users to customize and automate how they interact with PayPal's system and customers. However, because of access and permissions issues, these API's can be limited in situations where those who are using the API are not the account owner.
The PayPal Permissions API provides additional flexibility for PayPal users, allowing them to request and manage permissions for specific users to execute PayPal API operations on their behalf. These permissions provide a signature that a third party can use as authorization for PayPal API operations, and ensures that these actions can be distinguished from those of the actual account holder.
 The service provides a payment function based on "virtual currency" held by user accounts. It allows sellers to test buyer response to digital products and plans to support conversion of virtual payments from buyers into national currencies via ClickBank and other exchanges. Buyers monitor the service and provide feedback on its functions and products presented.
Methods list paying websites and online marketplaces as well as mobile apps that handle VirtaPay payments. The API also supports in-game use of VirtaPay credits as payments between players. Future methods will list currency exchanges handling conversion to world currencies.
 The web service allows third-party applications to process transactions through the Global Gateway payments system. The service supports a range of processing tasks such as purchase, refund, pre-authorization.
Methods support a range of transaction processing scenarios such as zero-payment pre-authorization, balance inquiry, payment via credit card or PayPal, cancel and void transaction, and refund payment. Methods also support payment by gift card.
 This API is now EVO Snap. You can find it in the Programmableweb directory. PowerPay is a payment solutions provider for both eCommerce and point-of-sale scenarios. Solutions include credit card machines and terminals, merchant account credit card processing and more. The PowerPay API can be integrated with any existing software service, giving users the ability to accept all types of electronic transactions through a secure, web-based payment gateway. It provides functionality such as providing real-time shipping quotes, storing customer and transaction profiles, processing recurring payments and email receipts. The API uses HTTP Post calls.
 Online payment service, either credit card or direct bank account transaction, support online store transactions. Also supports invoicing and installment payment services, as well as telephone payments. Headquartered in Sweden. Methods include order creation, lookup, payment, and cancellation as well as payment plan proposal, approval, and cancellation.
 OptimalPayments is an online payment service that supports PCI-compliant worldwide merchant accounts for accepting major credit and debit cards, including Visa, MasterCard, and JCB. The service provides a secure, proprietary online payment gateway for processing payments and risk management services. Customized solutions are available for both large international businesses and government agencies. Methods support secure submission of card information, authorization, payment processing and confirmation, and payment cancellation. This profile is dedicated to the Classic NETBANX Web Services that involve SOAP, XML, and WSDL formats.
 The service is private club for electronic exchanges of gold between members as investments or as payments. Members can optionally be listed in the public directory and disclose their feedback reputation scores. The site is strategically, technically and financially independent of any bank, government or corporation. The platform was entirely built and financed by the owners, who are professional software developers, as a corporation registered in Belize. The API allows members to check account balance, generate transaction history, send payments to other members, and process payments for shopping cart purchases.
vme-by-visa didn't extract the description
 Components integrated in a site allowing it to accept payments from its own secure server. The site must have its own SSL certificate. The solution is certified by Visa and MasterCard, ensuring merchants are PCIDSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant. Allows merchants to customize the look and feel of their payment pages.
 FeeFighters is a comparison shopping website for credit card processing. They use an auction process and comparison engine to help businesses save on their credit card processing fees. Samurai is FeeFighters' payment gateway. The API allows developers to access the functionality of the service via HTTP calls. Functionality includes creating, reading, updating and deleting payment methods as well as processing payments. Responses are formatted in XML.
 MobiCart is a mobile commerce (mCommerce) management platform that works with mobile, tablet, and web applications and links to a company's website. MobiCart can be built and customized based on customer needs.
The MobiCart API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of MobiCart. Some example API methods include accessing store information, managing product information, retrieving user details, and adding and managing orders.
 JunglePay is a mobile and phone payment and billing service. JunglePay is supported in 80 countries and they also offer SMS capabilities. JunglePay can be used on mobile or web applications for payment and billing services.
The JunglePay API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of JunglePay with other applications and services. Some example API methods include listing and managing payments, sending SMS messages, and accessing user information.
 FaceCash is a mobile payment platform that allows users to pay for goods and services with face recognition technology at merchants that accept FaceCash. FaceCash also offers mobile coupons for participating merchants.
The FaceCash API allows developers to integrate FaceCash functionality with merchant's point of sale applications and other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with a FaceCash account.
 Aepona is a service that brings mobile data and intelligence to the cloud. Aepona also offers mobile payment hosting and solutions, as well as billing tools. Other Aepona products include monetization platforms for web and mobile application providers.
The Aepona API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Aepona into other applications and services. Some example API methods include accessing customer information, finding people on networks, and initiating mobile payment and billing services.
 Bangoâ€™s Direct Billing API is designed to allow mobile applications and web sites to request payments directly from their users. Price and offer details are displayed without leaving the application or web site, simplifying the experience for the end user. Behind the scenes, the API interacts directly with Bangoâ€™s billing platform to collect and process payments.
This SOAP API operates over HTTPS, and requires an account with service for access.
 PayNearMe is a payment service that enables consumers to pay with cash for goods and services from companies online and at local stores, such as 7-Eleven stores in the US, via order slips.
The PayNearMe API allows developers to access the functionality of PayNearMe. Some example API methods include creating orders, retrieving payment slips, and calling servers when orders are placed. Public documentation is not available; API access is available with accounts.
 Set of tools for managing fund-raising campaigns or projects. Functions center on donor solicitation and communication, a streamlined donation experience, community building, and interface control. Methods support accessing campaign data to create unique promotions and/or integrate campaign data with other content.
 Spree Commerce is an open source e-Commerce platform. Spree provides hosting and server solutions, as well as merchant accounts and payment platforms.
The Spree Commerce API allows developers to access the functionality and content of Spree. Some example API methods include searching, listing and viewing orders and order information, and updating orders.
 SmartDebit provides direct debiting services for businesses and companies to accept debit payments on websites for bill payment, service payment, or for recurring product orders.
The SmartDebit Direct Debit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SmartDebit into other applications and sites. Example API methods include creating and managing debits and set ups and accessing other account information. Public documentation is not available. Those interested should email sales@smartdebit.com for more information.
 Sellaround is an eCommerce service that integrates with social networking and other sites and allows users to increase their social reach.
The Sellaround API allows developers to integrate Sellaround's functionality into other applications and sites. Example API methods include creating and managing widgets, managing account information, managing shipping information, and retrieving orders.
 Bottomline (formerly Albany eVERIFY) provides software for payment processing, bank account validation, direct debit collection and e-document delivery. The Bottomline Technologies PT-X API is a solution that offers accurate validation of bank accounts and sort code details by cross-checking this data against the Extended Industry Sort Code Directory (EISCD). The API enables developers to embed the verification functionality into their existing accounts systems.
 BlueVia provides APIs that enable users to monetize their apps through revenue sharing business models. The Bluevia Payment API allows applications to charge for digital goods and have it billed to the customer's phone bill using a REST protocol and returns either XML or JSON.
 Neurotic Media provides technology-enabled marketing and distribution services for digital media including music, videos, and ringtones. Neurotic Media gives clients control over how they commercialize digital media using private-labeled stores and API services.
Neurolinq is Neurotic Media's API suite. Use Neurolinq Products for file delivery, Neurolinq Awards for award redemption and POS card activation services, and Neurolinq Checkout for hosted or non-hosted checkout and payment services. Neurolinq uses the XML-RCP protocol.
 EMS (Electronic Merchant Systems) is an eCommerce payment gateway. It allows merchants to handle transactions online in realtime or individually through a merchant-operated virtual point of sale terminal (VPOS).
EMS offers 2 APIs that connect users to EMS Merchant Services to streamline transaction processes such as payment, authorizations, settlements, transaction status requests and more. The APIs use the RESTful protocol.
 [This API is no longer available and this page is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
BOKU is an online payments service that lets consumers pay for virtual and digital goods with their mobile phones. The API allows developers to integrate the BOKU service into their own web sites. Users can use the API for currency translation in 50 countries as well as displaying the language in the visitor's language. Documentation is available upon registration.
 Moneydirect, an Amadeus and Sabre joint venture, provides a multi-channel payment processing solution for the global travel and tourism industry. It is used by over 3000 agents and 1700 suppliers in Australia and New Zealand. The Moneydirect API provides programmatic access to the functionality of platform. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. Full documentation is available with registration.
 MPP Global Solutions are a provider of eCommerce payment platforms for the media and entertainment industries. The MPP system features can be accessed via a set of APIs. The MPP toolkit provides the following features:
* Subscriptions
* Micropayments (inc Premium SMS/Reverse Bill SMS)
* Credit/Debit Card payments
* Full CRM capability
* eWallet
* Service Credits
* You host/embed functionality
* Inherit FSA License
* Fast-Buy - users only enter PIN or password for any sale
The API uses both REST and SOAP protocol. Full documentation is not publicly available.
 Invoicera is an online billing and invoicing software designed for simplicity and convenience while still providing the best invoicing features, including time tracking, invoicing and recurring invoicing, expense tracking, multiple language and currency support, and multiple payment options. Invoicera also provides an XML API for developers to use to integrate Invoicera services into other applications.
 The Braintree Client JavaScript API provides indirect access to the client service, please refer to the corresponding SDK below. Braintree's JavaScript client lets you accept payments while maintaining PCI compliance, from credit cards, PayPal, and many other payment methods. BrainTree offers online merchants a payment gateway to enable the processing of credit card payments. Additionally, merchants are offered a merchant account, recurring billing and credit card storage.
 Connect with the #1 fundraising platform in the world. Build apps that make a difference to support over 13,000 amazing causes. Grow your audience with JustGiving as 22 million people are ready to use your app.
 FirstGiving provides donation processing for any of the 1.2 Million 501(c)3 non-profit organizations in the United States. The RESTful API provides access to the the company's directory of charities. Developers can create applications to encourage donations and, if they choose, developers can earn revenue from transaction fees.
Search based on name, EIN, city, state, zipcode and a few other factors. Retrieve detailed information about the non-profit, including its UUID, which can be used when processing a donation.
 Reduce the time, cost and complexity of developing secure commerce-enabled applications with Vantiv Solution Builder for developers. Vantiv Solution Builder is a streamlined integration program designed to help software companies and application developers easily combine Vantiv's robust transaction processing solutions with value-added services and workflows to form complete payment solutions.
With a full suite of developer-centric resources including; complete software development toolkits, APIs, sample code, sample applications, developer sandbox, and on-demand support, Vantiv Solution Builder provides business and technical resources to help Software Companies streamline integration projects, satisfy PCI and PA-DSS compliance requirements, define channel partnerships, and publish applications to active Commerce Marketplaces.
 SnapBill is an automated billing system that allows users to sell their services online. SnapBill is ideal for businesses requiring a subscription or recurring billing system with payment collection facilities. The RESTful API is still in beta and documentation is not complete. It provides users with some of the functionality of the SnapBill service. Responses are formatted in XML, JSON, TXT or HTML.
 Data8 is the UK's premier data solutions provider with a range of data cleansing, postcode lookup and data validation services to ultimately improve the way businesses communicate with their customers.
Data8's Credit Card Validation service checks that the credit or debit card number has been captured accurately without any typographical errors. It also can suggest the card issuer to the user while they are filling out web forms. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Fortumo is an open mobile payment platform, currently operating in 58 countries worldwide. Fortumo's SMS-connectivity/mobile payments API enables developers to easily integrate mobile payments with any app, game or web-service. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The PayPal Adaptive Accounts API allows users to create applications with built-in account management features. Using the API developers can create a PayPal Business account, add a bank account or a credit card as funding sources for PayPal accounts and verify a PayPal account status. The API uses both RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses can be formatted as XML, JSON or NVP.
 Use Mass Payments to send up to 250 payments to different payees in one batch. It's a fast and convenient way to send all kinds of disbursements, including commissions, rebates, rewards, and general payments. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The Payflow Pro API enables users to develop Web and desktop applications that create, schedule, and run standard (pre-defined) and custom Payflow services reports. Payflow Pro is a flexible payment gateway solution that can be used with any internet merchant account to process credit card transactions online. With the API, developers can choose add-on services like recurring billing and fraud protection, and also set up standard and custom reports. The API uses RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON or NVP.
 The E-xact API is a web service that allows third-party applications to process transactions through E-xact's system as well as search and report on transaction records. E-xact is a provider of secure online transaction solutions and service to get payment gateways up and running. The API provides functionality for several types of transactions including standard purchases, tagged transactions, debit transactions and special transactions such as pre-authorization. The API uses both RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses can be formatted in either XML, JSON or CSV.
 The WePay API is a simple set of low-level calls that can be used to build all sorts of things on top of WePay's payment platform. WePay is a service that allows groups to collect, manage, and spend money. Using the API, users can build applications that allow them to colect donations for a cause, collect money from a group of friends or implement multi-group payment management. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON, JSONP and TXT.
 Accumulus is a subscription billing service that lets developers fully automate customer onboarding, cancellation and change processes. The entire billing process is available via the Accumulus API, including customers, signups, subscriptions and payment methods. The service also includes means of tracking very basic usage, so that developers can later query utilization based usage for a particular customer.
 The PayPal X Adaptive Payments API enable developers to build apps that process transactions by interacting with PayPal. Developers can control the entire transaction within a single interface, which allows payments on multiple platforms, including web, mobile, and others. Adaptive Payments make it possible to create ongoing relationships with customers so they don't have to request user's permission for every single transaction. Adaptive Payments API allows payments to be made in different ways; either directly to the receiver, to multiple receivers, or to two+ receivers in a row (chained payments).
 The SagePay Reporting and Admin API allows back-office systems to interact with the Sage Pay payment systems in the same manner as a person with a web browser might use our My Sage Pay administration area. The API uses the same user accounts and privilege system as My Sage Pay, and will allow account administration and reporting functions, but with a finer degree of granularity than the My Sage Pay Screens, with all messages in real-time in a consistent XML format. SagePay offers secure online payment solutions for over 30,000 businesses. Full documentation for the API is not publicly available.
 The Wazala Online Store API in REST architecture supports JSON responses to integrate eCommerce features. The API interacts with the shopping cart to purchase via Paypal or Google Checkout.
 The BigDoor API offers web developers help building game-like mechanics and loyalty programs into their sites or applications through points, badges, levels, leaderboards, virtual currency and virtual goods.
 Checkfront is a booking service that allows businesses to manage their schedule based inventories, centralize reservations, and process payments online. It can be used to manage accommodation, events, rentals and professional service bookings.
 The service enables payment from a user's mobile device directly to an application provider. When the user approves payment, the service accesses the credit balance stored on the device and transfers the approved amount directly to the application's designated account. It aims to streamline e-commerce and online payments without delays or costs due to intermediaries.
API methods support submission and retrieval of customer information, products available for purchase, promotional contacts to generate sales, invoicing, and payment for purchases. Methods also handle account management and messaging configuration.
 The Plastyc API allows businesses to enroll people into prepaid cards from their website or phone systems. Plastyc provides payment and money management services to anyone with Internet access through a platform that issues and maintains the UPside Visa prepaid card line of prepaid debit cards. The API allows companies to sign up users for UPside Visa prepaid cards, and then let users check their balances, share money card to card or suspend lost cards from within the companiesï¿½ own websites. The API uses SOAP architecture and responses are formatted in XML.
 Bill.com is designed to help ease the process of bill management and payments. The Bill.com API is design your functionality by building new applications like: Integrate and add new features to your accounting system, Sync information with Bill.com with your accounting package including vendors, accounts, departments, and money movements, Integrate your Accounts Receivable system with Bill.com, and Rebate processing.
 Offerpal Media is the leader in virtual currency monetization for online games, virtual worlds and social networks. The companyï¿½s turnkey payment platform gives consumers the opportunity to earn or buy virtual currency by completing targeted advertising offers or by purchasing it through direct, global payment options.
Offerpal has issued more than 750 billion virtual points to over 150 million consumers across 2,000 publishers and 190 countries since its launch in 2007. The service is embeddable as an I-Frame or XML/JSON feed. No public documentation is available.
 Using the JSON API, publishers with dynamic applications can create highly customized user experiences. Super Rewards provides a virtual currency monetization platform for social publishers and online communities. The Super Rewards platform can be deployed on any major social network, standalone website, mobile application, virtual world, or MMO to provide monetization functionality with less than an hour of deployment effort.
 The Buxter Java API allows Facebook application developers to use the Buxter transaction webservice to monetize their Facebook applications. Buxter is ClickandBuy's Facebook application. With Buxter, Facebook users can transfer money to each other, as well as purchase items in Facebook apps. Using the API, developers can securely create purchase links, query the status of transactions and cancel transactions.
 PrivatBank is the largest commercial bank in Ukraine. It offers a RESTful API that can connect any internet services, kiosks and software to their payment services and databases. SSL is supported and responses are formatted in XML. The site and documentation are in Russian.
 Chargify is an online payment service featuring recurring billing. The Chargify API allows developers to integrate the service into their application or website easily, featuring a RESTful interface.
 CheddarGetter is an online billing and subscription management system designed to make it easier to accept and track payments. The CheddarGetter API allows users to integrate the ChedderGetter service into their website or app.
 Spreedly gives web applications an easy way to handle subscription-based services. The service works through many well-known payment gateways, including PayPal and SagePay, to complete fast, secure transactions. The Spreedly API offers the tools to integrate its payment service into websites or apps.
 PayLeap provides merchants a secure, single-source payment solution which includes tokenized cardholder data vault, secure checkout using LeapLock, fraud management tools, virtual terminal, and electronic invoicing, scheduled/recurring payments and is the exclusive provider of PaySecureÂ® internet PIN Debit (IPD).
 Daopay enables global payments, charged to the phone bill. Supports payments from mobile and landline phones and by SMS and works in over 200 countries. Our API sends you HTTP Notifications; we call your web app when you've received a payment.
 Zuora is the leader in subscription billing and recurring payments. Our Z-Billing and Z-Payments products make it fast and easy to launch new products, scale operations, and automate recurring billing and subscription payments in one solution.
 From their site: Zaypay makes international micropayments through SMS, phone calls and other alternative pay methods a piece of cake. With its free service a micropayment can be integrated into your website for just minutes of your time. Using our API enables your application to talk with Zaypay directly, and allows Zaypay to talk back to your application.
 From their site: The API allows developers to create a downloadable good, upload a file into our system, create a download transaction, and present an end user with a download link. The API also provides supporting calls for functions like transaction status and product purchase button HTML generation. PayLoadz offers a secure Digital Goods eCommerce service for anyone to sell downloadable goods online. We provide a service to sell downloadable items such as: software, eBooks, music, movies, digital art, manuals, articles, certificates, forms, files, and anything else that can be downloaded. Our automated service delivers your products to your customers instantly after payment. Our system operates using PayPal's online payment system and Google Checkout.
 Online payment processing service for ACH and Credit Cards
With industry low transaction rates, no API surcharge, and revenue sharing opportunity, your business is poised to gain a profitable new recurring revenue stream.
 Geonames is a geographical database with web services that let users extract useful information about different places, such as weather, timezone and post codes. The GeoNames geographical database covers all countries and contains over eight million placenames that are available for download free of charge. Users can edit, correct and add new names using a wiki interface.
Geonames provides a suite of Webservices including the following categories:Fulltext searchPlace HierarchyWikipediaPostal CodesReverse GeocodingThe APIs use RESTful protocol and responses vary in format between XML, JSON, CSV, and TXT
While the GeoNames data is free, the data is available without costs, there is a Service Level Agreement available for premium web services.
 (This API is now part of IBM Cloud's The Weather Company APIs) From their site: Since 1982, The Weather Channel has brought timely weather information to the world. Now you can include weather from The Weather Channel in your own application by signing up for access to our XML data feed. We'll enable you to search for a location and to integrate current conditions and the forecast for today and tomorrow in your application for free.
noaa-national-weather-service-(nws)-ndfd-soap didn't extract the description
 [This API has been deprecated and replaced by the Current Weather Data, 5 Day Weather Forecast, 16 Day Weather Forecast, Historical Data, History Bulk, Weather Map Layers, Ultraviolet Index, Weather Stations, Weather Alerts, Air Pollution, and Accumulated Weather Data APIs. This profile is maintained for historical and research purposes only.]
Open Weather Map provides interactive maps of current and historic weather conditions. The Open Weather Map API allows users to retrieve the current weather at a city or weather station, the historical measurements for a weather station, or a list of cities and/or weather stations in a given rectangle (limited by geographic coordinates). The API uses RESTful calls issued in JSON format.
 [This API is no longer available. Its functions have been split among the following APIs: World Weather Online City Search, World Weather Online Time Zone, World Weather Online Ski and Mountain, World Weather Online Historical or Past Weather, World Weather Online Local City Weather, World Weather Online Marine, Sailing, Surfing Weather, and World Weather Online Ski Weather. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
World Weather Online provides weather forecast and weather api content for worldwide city and towns. The Developer Weather API allows developers and programmers to access free 5 day weather feed in XML, JSON and CSV format for any location by UK Postcode, Canada Postal code, US Zipcode, City and Town name (country and state/region filter) or by using Latitude and Longitude.
 The Yahoo Weather API allows developers to integrate weather information for any location into third-party applications. Available information includes the 5-day forecast, wind, atmospheric conditions, precipitation, sunset time, astronomy conditions, and more. Developers can look up weather by WOEID (Where On Earth IDentifier), city name, or lat/long coordinates.
 AMEE is a platform for greenhouse gas calculation, with access to emissions factors, calculation algorithms, and storage for data history. Our science team take the published methodologies from the science community and put them into a simple unified API, so you don't have to trawl through PDFs and spreadsheets to work it all our yourself. With over 8 million possible calculations, the platform covers everything from simple electricity calculations through to insanely complex industrial processes. If you need to work out the environmental impact of an activity, AMEE has the environmental intelligence you need.
 met.no is the joint online weather service from the Norwegian Meteorological Institute (met.no) and the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK). met.no offers weather forecasts in English for more than 700,000 places in Norway and 6.3 one million places worldwide.
 The service gives access to accumulated data on climate for locations worldwide but with emphasis on the continental United States. Data sum conditions recorded annually, by month, by day, and even hourly. Available data include recorded temperatures, normal temperature ranges, heating and cooling degree days, precipitation, and drought conditions.
API methods support retrieval of data for a specified time range, annual, monthly, daily, or hourly. Requests specify dataset, locations and location types, reporting stations, and particular data elements to be returned.
 AerisWeather is a site that provides traditional weather content such as local weather and weather maps. AerisWeather's core product is an API that provides the necessary weather data to power services such as hosted weather sites and weather application development. The API gives developers access to data such as weather advisories, forecasts, geographic locations, storm reports and more. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON and JSONP.
 The Weather Central DataCloud API lets you programmatically access Weather Centralâ€™s real-time updating weather datasets. This allows you to give your users mission critical weather information directly in your own web pages and applications via a REST API. The API returns value added data in both image-tile, and xml format.
 This web service, part of Brighter Planet's carbon middleware suite, enables developers to build flexible, real-time carbon footprint estimates from sources such as cars, flights, and houses into business applications. Brighter Planet delivers cloud-based web services providing on-demand carbon information for a fraction of a cent per query, meant for enhancing existing operational data with environmental intelligence that matters. The emission calculation service provides greenhouse gas emission estimates for a variety of emitters of arbitrary description. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses can be formatted in XML and JSON.
 MAAS2 is a REST API that provides the latest weather data transmitted by the Curiosity Rover on Mars. This API is built upon the REMS (Rover Environmental Monitoring Station). MAAS2 responds in JSON formatted data.
 Gain access to OpenWeatherMap's Carbon Monoxide index for any location on Earth. This includes location, latitude, pressure and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 Met.no is a Norwegian Meteorological Institute that provides the public with meteorological services for both civil and military puposes. The Met.no Weather API lets developers to integrate the institute's weather information and services with their applications, enabling direct access for users of the applications. The API is REST based, and uses HTTP Basic Authentication.
 The service from the Center for Energy and Processes (CEP) in France provides estimates of environmental impact of photovoltaic (PV) technologies over their complete life cycles. It assesses impact of PV solar electricity technologies and installations based on a number of established computation methods. Calculations of cost and benefit over the life of an installation help to guide decision-making and justify the investment.
API methods support estimates of photovoltaic technology performance both at a geographic point on a map and within a defined area of interest (AOI). Life cycle cost and benefit are then estimated from the Ecoinvent database. Mapping data comply with the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) protocol.
 Climate Counts is a nonprofit organization that scores corporations on their efforts towards mitigating climate change. Corporations are scored on whether they have reviewed their own emissions, set goals towards reducing their global warming impact, their policy stance on climate legislations and public reporting of their actions. The API gives users access to the corporation scoring database. Data available includes years, business sectors, companies, brands, yearly scores and aggregated scores. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) provides the public, government agencies, and commercial enterprises with XML data from the National Weather Service's (NWS) digital forecast database.
This API is available through SOAP or REST protocols, and provides an array of parameters allowing users to create customizable queries to the digital forecast database. Users can search the database by specific latitude/longitude, time, unit of measurement, and weather parameters. This service is provided free of charge by the U.S. government.
Users interested in REST implementations of this API can find documentation [[http://graphical.weather.gov/xml/rest.php here]].
 AccuWeather APIs are now easily available to developers with our new AccuWeather API Developer Portal. Sign up today for a free trial package, or one of three package options — Standard, Prime, and Elite — starting as low as $25 per month. The AccuWeather API packages include multiple API endpoints, allowing users full customization based on the data call volume, data types, level of detail, and locations each developer needs. Users can also reach AccuWeather technical, sales, and customer service support teams to answer API and technical-related questions.AccuWeather Locations, AccuWeather Forecast, AccuWeather Current Conditions, AccuWeather Indices, AccuWeather Weather Alarms, AccuWeather Alerts, AccuWeather Imagery, AccuWeather Tropical, and AccuWeather Translations.
 Fog Detection API - Fogerizer (also known as Fog Recognition API or Fog Storm Detector API) is a cross browsers REST API which get a JSON input with a still photo (NOT a radar photo) (as base64 encoded string), containing Fog and returns a JSON string which contains predictions of the input photo regarding the probability of Fog. The recognized Fog have confidence score, timestamp, tagId, tagName. Of course, there are some limitations in order to get a higher accuracy. We recommend properly exposed, unobstructed JPEG photos at 1920x1080 (full HD resolution) where the Fog is clear and focused. If the Fog details are too small or blured, the accuracy is lower and the AI algorithm may not classify in a proper way. We do not store pictures. Also, the quality and the angles of the camera are very important and it contribute to a higher reading accuracy. It should has varifocal lenses, high shutter speed, good infrared lighting beam, full HD resolution.
Allthough this Automatic Fog Detection API (currently we do not offer a Fog Detection sdk) is intended for software development and therefore developers, we have also here an Fog Detection online application that may be used to check the input and output JSONs of the API. The necessary steps are written below, basically for this real time Fog Detection API you send an authorized POST request in JSON format to the API endpoint and you get as JSON response the output as described below through parameters and examples.
This Fog Detection API is useful for a large number of domains like apps for: automotive, travel, transportation, weather nowcast etc. You own the commercial copyright of the resulted JSON with no additional fee meaning you may use it in your own apps for sale.
 Hail Rain Detection API - HailQuid (also known as Hail Rain Recognition API or Hail Storm Detector API) is a cross browsers REST API which get a JSON input with a still photo (NOT a radar photo) (as base64 encoded string), containing Hail Rains and returns a JSON string which contains predictions of the input photo regarding the probability of Hail Rain. The recognized Hail Rains have confidence score, timestamp, tagId, tagName. Of course, there are some limitations in order to get a higher accuracy. We recommend properly exposed, unobstructed JPEG photos at 1920x1080 (full HD resolution) where the Hail Rain is clear and focused. If the Hail Rain details are too small or blured, the accuracy is lower and the AI algorithm may not classify in a proper way. We do not store pictures. Also, the quality and the angles of the camera are very important and it contribute to a higher reading accuracy. It should has varifocal lenses, high shutter speed, good infrared lighting beam, full HD resolution.
Allthough this Automatic Hail Rain Detection API (currently we do not offer a Hail Rain Detection sdk) is intended for software development and therefore developers, we have also here an Hail Rain Detection online application that may be used to check the input and output JSONs of the API. The necessary steps are written below, basically for this real time Hail Rain Detection API you send an authorized POST request in JSON format to the API endpoint and you get as JSON response the output as described below through parameters and examples.
This Hail Rain Detection API is useful for a large number of domains like apps for: automotive, travel, transportation, weather nowcast etc. You own the commercial copyright of the resulted JSON with no additional fee meaning you may use it in your own apps for sale.
 A GraphQL Proxy for the popular Open Weather Map API.
This contains the following Open Weather Features: - Current Weather Data - Hourly Forecast 4 days - One Call API - Daily Forecast 16 days
Notes:
- You must have your own account with Open Weather Map to use this GraphQL Proxy endpoint.
- You must submit your own API keys to use this GraphQL Proxy endpoint.
 The OceanDrivers (OD) ODWeather API offers weather data about the ocean including currents, wind and swell from, aemet, ocib bahia de palma buoy, easy wind and other weather stations. Data is provided for Yacht club and other usage. OceanDrivers provides ocean data software including real wind time information, ocean weather and real time current measurements.
 aircheckr provides personalized, hyper-local, near real-time air pollution information. It returns Air Quality Index (AQI) data including from territories, cities, regions, at street level. The service uses sensors to measure Nitrogen Dioxide, Ozone and Particulate matter.
 Troposphere Weather is an easy to use versatile weather API which provides hyperlocal forecasts, historic climate data und location/place search.
 GeoMet-Weather provides public access to the Meteorological Service of Canada (MSC) and Environment and Climate Change Canada (ECCC) data via interoperable web services and application programming interfaces (API). Through open standards, users can freely and quickly access thousands of real-time and archived weather, climate and water datasets and products and integrate them in their domain-specific applications and decision support systems. Users can build mobile apps, create interactive web maps, and display and animate MSC data in desktop software. MSC GeoMet also enables on demand raw data clipping and reprojection, on demand format conversion and custom visualization.
 The Liveuamap API provides data about events posted on the Live Universal Awareness Map (Liveuamap) application. Liveuamap uses AI web crawlers and other tools to aggregate news worthy links such as conflicts, human rights issues, protests, terrorism, weapons deployment, health matters, natural disasters, and weather related stories. The service maps the issues in an interactive map. The API is available to registered users with API Key, and returns event description, region, time, image, link source, location, videos and more. Users who are logged in can view documentation.
 The Netatmo Weather API allows developers to read data from Netatmo's smart home weather station, smart rain gauge, smart anemometer, and additional indoor module. The additional indoor module can provide noise, pressure, rain, wind, and gust data as well as information on the device itself.
This API is part of Netatmo Connect, which is Netatmo's API suite for integrating with their products. Netatmo designs, produces and distributes smart devices for people’s homes.
types-of-clouds-recognition didn't extract the description
 Ambee’s Weather API enables weather forecasting by providing real-time weather data. Test an API call. Get accurate & actionable proprietary data insights.
 The PowerClerk API allows programmatic access to the following basic PowerClerk functions; project creation, editing, and submission. This includes API Methods for; GetPrograms, SetProjectAttachment, DeleteMfaSessionToken and others. Authorized access requires an API Key with user authentication that utilizes Basic Authentication. Clean Power Research builds services for energy transformation with cloud software to engage customers, automate programs, integrate solar and more.
 This MetOcean API provides access to MetOcean Hindcast Statistics to show metadata of all available datasets, Get extended metadata for a specific dataset, Get statistics of a variable from a dataset and more. It delivers metocean statistics of waves and winds globally for; frequency of wave height, period and direction for each month, frequency of wind speed and others. This Rest API is metocean statistics at sites and along routes, and takes a location or series of sites as query parameters with data that is returned in CF-JSON format. MetOcean Solutions is a science-based consultancy that offers specialist numerical modeling and analytical services in meteorology and oceanography.
 This MetOcean API provides access to MetOcean weather Forecast data to Get a list of available MetOcean data sources, Get metadata about a specific MetOcean data source, Get data for ocean route at a series of specified longitudes, latitudes, times and more. This Rest API accepts location or a series of sites as query parameters to extract data from available models with data that is returned in CF-JSON format. MetOcean Solutions is a science-based consultancy that offers specialist numerical modeling and analytical services in meteorology and oceanography.
 The Trimble Mapping Weather Alerts API allows developers to retrieve weather alerts for a given map view port. Alerts can be filtered by urgency, severity, certainty, or name.
This API is one of many routing, location, and mapping APIs provided by Trimble.
 The Trimble Mapping Weather Overlay API allows developers to retrieve either a weather radar or satellite image that can be overlayed on a map image.
This API is one of many routing, location, and mapping APIs provided by Trimble.
 The Clean Power Research Irradiance & Weather Data API is a WeatherData service endpoint that allows you to request irradiance and weather data. The WeatherData endpoint returns available irradiance and weather data fields that include: Global Horizontal Irradiance, Direct Normal Irradiance, Diffuse Horizontal Irradiance, 10-Meter Height Wind Speed and many others. This API supports HTTP GET and POST with XML data and access that requires the utilization of Basic Authentication via username and password, and requests also need the use of HTTPS. Clean Power Research builds services for energy transformation with cloud software to engage customers, automate programs, integrate solar and more.
 The WeatherOps Forensics API
 The WeatherOps Map Tiles API can access weather content in the format of images via the WeatherOps API Tiling (SWARM) API service. The service uses HTTPS access and currently consists of two types of requests: valid frames requests and tile requests.
 The WeatherOps Point Forecast API returns location related data, current conditions, daily forecast, and hourly forecast in JSON and XML formats.
 The WeatherOps Climate Analysis API retrieves degree days, precipitation, relative humidity, temperature, wind, evapotranspiration, and climatology data in JSON format.
 The RainMachine API retrieves weather and forecast data including water zones, restrictions, weather engine, remote access, and home automation. Authenticate with OAuth2 and make JSON callbacks. A guide to access Postman collection is available.
 MyRadar offers its in-house weather and forecasting API with industry-leading nowcasting support, including up-to-the-minute rain prediction using our patent-pending algorithms. It is also a drop-in replacement for the former Dark Sky API (no changes needed).
 The Risk Insights API provides crime, earthquake, flood data and related information. The API can be integrated with claims and mitigation applications. Precisely is a data integrity platform capable of collecting, verifying, and mapping information. This platform can be used to enable address typeahead capabilities in eCommerce websites, determine origin and delivery destinations in logistics applications, and provide better insights for customer engagement. Precisely APIs feature REST architecture, API Key authentication, and JSON responses.
 The Natural Resources Wales Flood Risk Forecast API allows developers to retrieve areas at risk of flooding and the public flood risk forecast summary. Flood risk levels are given as Low, Medium, or High and cover flooding from rivers, the sea, surface water, and groundwater for England and Wales. The forecast is produced by the Flood Forecasting Centre (FFC) on a daily basis, or more frequently when serious flooding is expected.
 The Natural Resources Wales Live Flood Warnings and Alerts API allows developers to get a list of all current flood warnings issued by Natural Resources Wales or to get lists filtered by location or severity. Results are returned as a single GeoJSON data structure and are updated every 15 minutes.
 The Chargetrip API integrates smart, EV-specific routing into products built for drivers of electric cars.
Chargetrip gives developers access to the same powerful EV routing engine that is already used and trusted by car manufacturers and e-mobility services around the world. The GraphQL API and documentation are always on the latest stable version and fully backward compatible. To integrate the API in an application, developers need an API key. Request an API key from the side menu.
 The POWER Project is supported by NASA Earth Science’s Applied Sciences Program and provides solar and meteorological data sets that support renewable energy, building energy efficiency and agriculture.
the-weather-company-disease-tracker didn't extract the description
 This API returns 30 year historical climate normals ranging from hourly to monthly intervals. The period of calculation is 1981 to 2010, and the data is derived from the ERA-5 9KM Re-analysis. With this API you can retrieve temporal averages for data from the past 30 years for fields including temperature, dew point, wind speed, precipitation, and snowfall. The spatial resolution of the data returned by the API is 9 kilometers.
nasa-insight:-mars-weather-service didn't extract the description
nasa-insight:-mars-weather-service didn't extract the description
 Weatherlogics climate APIs provide the most complete and highest quality climate data for Canada. With this family of APIs you can search for Canadian climate data, records, and normals for over 700 locations.
 The Aeris Weather Air Quality API retrieves interpolated GeoJSON data or specific stations based on a query action. The API includes air quality index (AQI), category, dominant pollutant, and information for pollutants when available.
 This Weatherbit API returns historical weather data specific to the energy industry from a network of over 120,000 stations. The API allows you to retrieve cooling or heating degree data and other information for sun hours, precipitation, snowfall and more. It is Get requests that returns aggregate energy specific historical weather fields, over a specified time period and UP TO 150 stations. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 The Weatherbit Subscription Limits API provides the current Weather API usage summary for your API key subscription. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 This Weatherbit API returns historical weather data specific to the Agriculture industry. Users can retrieve forecasted soil temperature, soil moisture, evapotranspiration and more. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 This Weatherbit API provides severe weather alerts from local meteorological agencies for the US, EU member nations, and others. It is a Get request for severe weather alerts issued by meteorological agencies for provided parameters. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 The Ambient Weather API enables personal weather data dashboards in applications by providing a MAC address. The API can be used to query device data. Requests are capped at 1 request per second for each users' API Key, and 3 requests per second per Application Key. The Ambient Weather API supports JSON formatted responses.
 This Weatherbit API returns historical hourly weather data from a network of over 120,000 stations from a nearby reporting station. It is Get Requests that provides a way to Get history by lat/lon, Get history by city name, Get history by postal code and more. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 The Weatherbit Bulk Download API provides current observations for many cities at once, or many stations at once and are accessible to Advanced plan users. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 Weatherbit Ag-Weather Forecast API returns an 8-day forecast for weather data specific to the Agriculture industry. It allows you to retrieve predictions for soil temperature, soil moisture, evapotranspiration, and more. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 This Weatherbit API returns a 2 to 5-day forecast in 1 hour intervals for any point on the planet. It is Get requests that returns an hourly forecast when each point represents a one hour period for; Date, City, Postal and more. The supported response format is JSON with an API Key required for authentication. Weatherbit.io is historical weather, current weather, and forecasts API's.
 The Ambience Data API provides real-time, hyperlocal, weather data and pollution data globally. It allows users access to detailed and accurate real-time or historical pollution data and weather forecasts with a simple REST API. This includes; Pollution, Weather and Hourly Forecast data for; a three-day forecast that returns the geocode weather for the current day up to three days, a forty eight-hourly forecast that returns the geocode weather for the current hour up to the next forty eight hours etc. Ambience Data provides an environmental sensor agnostic end-to-end IoT platform that supports smart sensors, monitoring, data analytics and more.
 The Unofficial AirVisual API enables weather information, air pollution data, and health recommendations in third-party applications. This API can be used to get information and measurements by city, real-time weather data, key pollutant concentration values, and station names with coordinates.
 The BreezoMeter Weather API allows developers to retrieve weather conditions - such as temperature, wind speed, humidity, and precipitation - for a specified location. This API can return the current conditions, the hourly forecast for up to five days, and the daily forecast for up to five days.
BreezoMeter provides global, real-time air quality data that can help individuals make better health decisions based on their local air pollution levels and their personal sensitivities.
 The BreezoMeter Pollen API allows developers to retrieve the daily pollen forecast for a given location. Returned information includes pollen types, plants, and indexes for the specified location.
BreezoMeter provides global, real-time air quality data that can help individuals make better health decisions based on their local air pollution levels and their personal sensitivities.
 The BreezoMeter Fires API allows developers to retrieve current fire information for the area around a specified location. This is a new API which is currently in Beta. Additional functions may be added in the near future, but no breaking changes are expected to occur.
BreezoMeter provides global, real-time air quality data that can help individuals make better health decisions based on their local air pollution levels and their personal sensitivities.
 The Met Office Global Hourly Spot Data API allows developers to get hourly weather forecasts for a location at a given set of latitude and longitude coordinates. Data is returned in GeoJSON.
This API is part of the Met Office Weather DataHub, which offers a selection of weather data and map overlays via APIs.
 The Met Office Global Three Hourly Spot Data API allows developers to get the three hourly weather forecast for a location at a given set of latitude and longitude coordinates. Data is returned in GeoJSON.
This API is part of the Met Office Weather DataHub, which offers a selection of weather data and map overlays via APIs.
 The Met Office Global Daily Spot Data API allows developers to get daily weather forecasts for a location at a given set of latitude and longitude coordinates. Data is returned in GeoJSON.
This API is part of the Met Office Weather DataHub, which offers a selection of weather data and map overlays via APIs.
 The Divesites API returns database information for scuba divers including location, weather, latitude & longitude, map, and tide stations. The API supports POST and GET methods, JSON and AJAX formats. Divesites API determines the location using Geo IP location and return sites in a radius from that point.
 The Geosys API provides programmatic access to Geosys remote sensing data processing tools. The API allows a business to access weather and agriculture imagery from satellite, integrate analytical data, optimize data flow, and filter options for complex requests. Developers need to request access to the API and documentation. Geosys provides satellite remote sensing technology for agriculture.
 The weatherstack API enables reliable and accurate global weather data in applications. The API supports methods for current weather, historical weather, and forecasts. The weatherstack API returns JSON formatted responses, and supports JSONP callbacks.
 The CheckWX API returns aviation weather in JSON and XML formats. The API includes methods for stations, METeorological Aerodrome Reports (METARs), and Terminal Aerodrome Forecasts (TAFs). Developers can implement a station field, station radius, station latitude, and longitude. CheckWX is a tool to help pilots better visualize weather data.
 The API Hood Global Tides provides Oceans tidal heights and extremes predictions. Tide predictions calculate low and high tides based on time and location. Developers can use JSON format to make calls via RapidAPI.
Note: Predictions are based on historical tidal gauge data and satellite altimetry and do not take current weather and seismic events into consideration.
national-weather-service-(nws) didn't extract the description
 The AerisWeather Fires API provides access to a dataset of active wildfires across the U.S. Data returned includes the type of fire, location, area (size), cause and percent contained. AerisWeather provides a weather service for business needs and custom weather influenced solutions. It enables you with the ability to create your own weather data, with Weather API’s and developer toolkits.
 The Altitude Angel GuardianUTM API allows you to send and receive data about drone operations, environment, regulations, hazards and more. This includes API endpoints for; Weather, Area Report, Map Data and Space Weather. GuardianUTM web standards open platform enables you with the ability to access up-to-date aeronautical, environmental, regulatory and drone-centric operation data. Altitude Angel provides support services and software to integrate drones safely into the sky.
 The Sentinel Weather API provides access to the Sentinel Weather platform, which supplies accurate solar power and radiation forecasts for upcoming dates and times. It also provides warnings for severe weather events. This service is available for any location worldwide.
The API lets developers select any meteorological variable and set customized thresholds to trigger alerts via email or SMS for upcoming defined weather events.
 The Wise Orchard API gives developers programmatic control over Wise Orchard's internet-connected irrigation valve. Developers can use this API to control and automate their valves using their own custom-built software, integrate the valves with third-party IoT services, or control their own purpose-built watering devices.
Wise Orchard provides an internet-connected irrigation valve that watches the local weather and adjusts plants' watering schedules accordingly, keeping plants healthy while saving water. This valve can be controlled from a smartphone app.
 The Iteris ClearAg Rain Gauge API returns recent historical precipitation accumulations and radar reflectivity data. Information is available from satellite estimates, surface observations, numerical weather analysis, and prediction information.
 The Visual Crossing Weather Data API provides climate and weather information. The interface enables interpolated history records, and prioritizes high accountability data and geographic coverage. Detailed data is available including forecasts and summaries. The Weather API supports JSON and CSV.
 The SonicWeather API integrates daily weather forecasts with applications. The API offers endpoints for rain, lightning detection, sunsets, rainbow probability, global temperature, frost probability, NexRad status, and the best time for cutting hay. The preferred response format is JSON.
interzoid-weather-by-zip-code didn't extract the description
 The Weatherbit current Air Quality API returns live air quality conditions, and air quality index scores for any point in the world. It also returns data on the 6 major surface pollutants - PM 2.5, PM 10, CO, SO2, NO2, and O3.
 The CIMIS Web API is a RESTful service that provides access to data about evapotranspiration (ETo) and weather from the CIMIS Weather Station Network and the Spatial CIMIS System. CIMIS stands for the California Irrigation Management Information System. The API can be used to operate Wi-Fi aware irrigation smart controllers, browser and mobile apps. The CIMIS Web API is managed by the California Department of Water Resources (DWR).
 RealEarth is a mapping data discovery platform developed by the Space Science and Engineering Center and the Cooperative Institute for Meteorological Satellite Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. The API provides the latest simulations associated with meteorology, aviation, flood hazards, and more.
 The RainViewer API provides access to mapping data of rainfall based on information from weather radars globally. RainViewer gets radar data from different sites across the Internet that is available to anyone for free.
british-antarctic-survey-meteorology-data-/-sosmet didn't extract the description
 The Cal-Adapt API provides programmatic access to climate data via Cal-Adapt. It allows users to access only the data requested, without downloading the entire dataset. Cal-Adapt is developed by the Geospatial Innovation Facility at the University of California, Berkeley.
the-weather-company-lifestyle-indices didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-enhanced-current-conditions didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-traffic-data didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-seasonal-and-subseasonal-forecasts didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-severe-weather didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-historical-weather-data didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-enhanced-forecast didn't extract the description
the-weather-company-data-core didn't extract the description
 The Magic Seaweed Forecast API allows access to core marine weather data for creative and interesting projects that support developers and surfers. The API requires a valid API key and follows Restful convention to query for information that retrieves a JSON array of data representing the forecast.
The Magic Seaweed Forecast service provides access to core weather and ocean open data, whose purpose is specifically for surfers and surfing but is also useful for a huge range of activities. Magic Seaweed supports global surf forecasting and news service.
 The Weatherbit Air Quality Forecast returns hourly forecasted air quality conditions and air quality index score. It includes data on the 6 major surface pollutants - PM 2.5, PM 10, CO, SO2, NO2, and O3.
 The MeteoGroup Point Observation API returns JSON formats with weather data including air temperature, air pressure, humidity, wind speed, cloud cover, precipitation, and wind direction. Developers authenticate with OAuth 2.0.
 The Synoptic Data Mesonet API returns JSON and XML data to integrate weather data that includes units with positions, air temperature, elevation, and volts; elevation with sensor variables, longitude, latitude, time zone, and observations; and summary with data query time, metadata, data parsing time, number of objects, and functions. Synoptic Data is a Public Benefit Corporation (PBC) provides earth data with the aim to support research, education, and exploratory usage by all types of users with little to no cost.
meniscus-analytics-platform-(map) didn't extract the description
 The Sunburst Web API allows you to fetch SunsetWx’s sunrise and sunset quality predictions. Sunburst currently supports JSON format, with geographical data conforming to GeoJSON. Sunset Weather provides Sunset and Sunrise Predictions using an algorithm comprised of meteorological factors.
 The WillyWeather API returns forecast data with sunrise and sunset, moon phases, rainfall probability, UV, tides, wind, and temperature. JSON is the supported format. Developers can authenticate with an API Key.
 Road Weatherlogics provides forecast road conditions as point forecasts and map layers. The APIs return both ordinary weather information, like temperature, wind, and precipitation, along with forecast road conditions and blowing snow (visibility). The road condition forecasts are available at hourly increments up to 48 hours into the future.
 The National Flood Data API offers up to date FEMA flood zone data in different formats to cover a variety of partner use cases. Data can be specific to a single point or an entire parcel boundary. National Flood Data provides updated flood zone information which includes annual percentage of flood, base flood elevations, and more. The API uses JSON for responses and API Keys for authentication.
searoutes didn't extract the description
 The Storm Glass Marine Weather API allows fetching forecasts for any coordinate using conventional HTTP requests. When a request is successful, a response will be sent back in the form of a JSON object. API Key is required to authenticate.
 The Aeris Lightning API returns data in JSON and JSONP formats once making GET requests and authenticating with API Key. Data returned includes type of strike, location, polarity, and amperage.
 The Weatherbit Agroweather API returns JSONP data, supports GET requests, and authenthicates with API Key. The API retrieves retrieve soil temperature, soil moisture, and evapotranspiration associated to agriculture.
 The Weatherbit Forecast API returns JSON-P data with a 16 day forecast in 1 day intervals from any point on the planet. API Key is required to authenticate.
 The Weatherbit Current Weather API returns JSON forecast data from over 38,000 stations. GET requests are available after authenticating via Key.
 The Weatherbit Forecast 48 hours supports GET requests to receive JSONP responses in return, authenticating via API Key. This API returns an hourly forecast in 1 hour intervals from any point on the planet. For non-premium users, this API will return a maximum of 48 hours.
 The Agrimetrics Field Forecasts API allows developers to forecast crop development. It provides the past two weeks of daily temperature data, rainfall, humidity, and windspeed to allow the assessment of the present state of a crop or grass. API calls require a field identifier that can be discovered using the Field Finder API. These APIs are part of the Agrimetrics Data Platform, which offers comprehensive, evidence-based decision making capabilities for the agri-food sector.
 The Historical Energy Weather API (Degree Days API) returns historical weather data specific to the energy industry from their network of over 38,000 stations. With this API, you can retrieve cooling or heating degree day data. Additionally, you can retrieve other valuable information like total sun hours, precipitation, snowfall, and more for any point in the world via postal code, latitude/longitude, city, or weather station ID.
The API has call limitations and pricing tiers, ranging from "Free" (75 calls per hour) to "Advanced" (30,000 calls/minute)
 The Agrimetrics Field Facts API provides access to multiple field-level datasets that provide long-term averages for monthly temperatures, rainfall, and growing degree days, as well as top soil and subsoil textures, topsoil chemistry, altitude, and nearby priority habitats. API calls require a field identifier that can be discovered using the Field Finder API. These APIs are part of the Agrimetrics Data Platform, which offers comprehensive, evidence-based decision making capabilities for the agri-food sector.
 The Data.Seattle.Gov Road Weather Information Stations API returns temperature data coming from sensor stations placed on bridges within city limits. API communication over HTTPS returns JSON, XML, and CSV formats. All requests should include an app token. This API is provided by the City of Seattle.
 The ClimaCell Micro Weather API provides access to high resolution micro weather data for locations across the U.S. that supports full geolocation and geo­search capabilities. This REST service uses HTTPS, with query parameter requests and responses that return results in JSON format. The ClimaCell Weather API is the only micro weather API in the world. ClimaCell is the high resolution weather service that provides weather data for various applications.
 Allows you to access daily historical weather data. All that's required is the date and location - either geographical coordinates or city and country names. Users can drill down to retrieve dew point, average mean temperature, station pressure, wind speed, snow depth and much more.
 The Hooks:Data API allows developers to access Hooks alerts and data notifications to integrate with their applications. Hooks:Data allows users to get real-time updates through push notifications on specified topics, and to chat with other people at the exact same moment something happens. Topic channels include TV and movies, events such as concerts, weather, news, shipments, finance, social media, sports, and more.
Hooks Data is a real-time data provider about thousands of topics in hundreds of categories in a single API. It has a custom query language to choose what data you need and it will deliver it in real-time using webhooks or you can pull the data anytime.
Hooks Data currently has these topics and ADD NEW TOPICS WEEKLY:
- RSS/Feeds updates in Real-time
- Soccer Games
- Weather conditions worldwide.
- Twitter mentions
- TV Shows Episodes
- NBA, NHL, NFL, MLB Games
- Cryptocurrencies and Stocks updates
 The Storm Glass API gives developers access to global marine weather data from multiple sources using a single REST API.
The API returns marine weather forecasts for the next 7 days in hourly resolution. Forecasts include swell height, swell direction, swell period, wave height, wave direction, wave period, wind speed, wind direction, and air temperature.
 The OpenUV Global UV Index Forecast API in JSON format provides Ultraviolet index data in real time. With the API, developers can build wearable apps, bots, and smart home assistants, based on data provided by The Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI), The National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research (NIWA) of New Zealand, Ozone data from OMI datasets, AURA Satellite, and NASA. It includes JSON responses and API Key.
 The OpenWeatherMap Accumulated Weather Data API provides developers with historical accumulated weather data for more than 200,000 cities around the world. Access to this API is included with the Historical Weather Collection subscriptions. Developers can contact OpenWeatherMap if they would like to use this API on its own.
 The OpenWeatherMap Ultraviolet Index API provides developers with current, forecast, and historical UV data for more than 200,000 cities around the world. Data measurements are only taken at 12pm. This data is available in JSON format. This API is still in beta.
 The OpenWeatherMap 16 Day Weather Forecast API allows developers to get the 16-day forecast for a given location or city. These forecasts include the daily weather conditions and are available in JSON or XML format. Developers looking for more precision can request data for a central district of a city or town using its geographic coordinates, ID, or name.
 The OpenWeatherMap History Bulk API allows developers to get historical weather data for a given city for the last five years. Weather data is provided in one-hour intervals. If a given parameter is missing from an API response, it means that the weather phenomena in question was not occurring at that location at the time of measurement. Data is available at the cost of $10 per city.
 The OpenWeatherMap 5 Day Weather Forecast API allows developers to get the five day forecast for a given location or city. This forecast provides weather data in three hour intervals and is available in either JSON or XML format. Developers looking for more precision can request data for a central district of a city or town using its geographic coordinates, ID, or name.
 The Foreca Climate Data API allows you to get annual weather statics at a glance. Based on measurements at official weather observation sites, this API offers accurate information about daily or monthly average temperatures and precipitation. Climate data is available via the API for any inland location specified by latitude-longitude coordinates and for all Foreca forecast locations (over 150.000 named locations worldwide).
The Foreca Climate Data API is helpful for websites wishing to inform their visitors and businesses who need to make decisions based on what the weather may be like be like two months in advance. For consumers, information about precipitation and temperature is helpful for travel planning.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 With the Foreca Weather Notification API you can set and receive push-notifications based on Foreca weather forecasts, keeping you informed about noteworthy weather conditions.
Weather Notifications allows you to activate notifications using weather parameter values as triggers. You will always receive a push notification when the pre-set threshold value is forecasted to exceed (or is observed) at a chosen coordinate point.
The notifications offered to end-users are to be adjusted in the API in advance. End-users are allowed to switch them on/off based on the location they want. While the API works in JSON format, the customer is required to provide an user interface for the end-users.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Foreca Ski Feed offers up-to-date information from over 2.000 global ski resorts. The feed updates continuously as new information is received from the resorts and other sources. The information is provided as an XML feed, making it easy to process and quick to integrate into a web page or other channels. Various visualization options can easily be implemented based on the provided data.
The feed delivers information from the nearest ski resorts to a given location. The response will contain general information about the resort, opening times and last reported conditions on the slopes. The service is ideal for media, travel agencies and other services reporting about points of interest. An atmospheric weather forecast for the covered resorts is also provided as part of the package.
Ski resort information is currently available for Europe, North America, and Japan, but can be extended as necessary. A complete list of available resorts is available on request.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Foreca Weather History API provides observational weather information from the past by showing measured weather parameters in a certain location at a specific date.
The API delivers all the measured weather parameters as both daily summary values and hourly values. The queries can be made based on a given day and coordinate point. The API will respond with observational data from the nearest relevant weather station or from weather forecast model data (augmented observation) in JSON format. Augmented observations are provided when the closest weather station with sufficient observations is too far away to give representative information.
The weather history service includes measurements from the following official weather stations: SYNOP, METAR (Records from 1st of January 2011), with augmented observations for all SYNOP and METAR locations from approx. mid-January 2016 and augmented snow depth observations from 9th February 2016.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Foreca Weather Warnings Feed is a data feed of the governmental severe weather warnings. The feed integrates weather warnings from many national warning systems worldwide and presents them in a harmonized global offering. The feed is an additional module that can be activated for Foreca Weather API, Weather File Feed accounts or delivered as GeoJSON files.
When queried with coordinates, the Foreca Warning feed returns a sorted list of active warnings for the given location by importance. For each event, the Warning Feed provides the generic significance level, generic warning class, and a more detailed event description. The original data from the official sources is also included.
The generic codes developed by Foreca are meant to ease visualizing the end-user services, while the event descriptions provide more specific textual information.
Governmental severe weather warnings are currently delivered from Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United States. Tailored, forecast-based warnings can be provided globally.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 Foreca provides a raw weather data feed in an easy-to-use format that is ideal for integrating location-based weather information into proprietary systems.
The Weather Feed is based on customers using HTTP polling to monitor forecast and observation files, which update at different intervals. Location metadata, such as coordinates and names in various languages, is provided in a separate static file. Foreca Weather Data batch files contain forecasts and current conditions updated on a continual basis for a fixed location list. Depending on the package chosen, the feed contains current conditions data from relevant local weather stations and weather forecasts for up to 14 days. The data is delivered as XML or language-independent delimited ASCII format file feed. The data contains weather information for up to 80.000 locations world-wide. The feed is available in either XML or delimited ASCII formats.
Additional weather information can be used from the following data sets: Foreca Weather Warnings, Foreca Weather History, Foreca Ski Resort Information, Foreca Weather Notifications, Foreca Climate Data.
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Foreca Weather Map API provides weather forecasts and observations as map overlays worldwide.
Precipitation radar images, atmospheric weather forecasts, and satellite images are typically shown as map overlays. Foreca provides map overlay images through its Weather Map API. Overlays are primarily provided as tiles that are compatible with the most common map services such as HERE, Google Maps and OpenStreetMap. Foreca's own background maps are also available.
The Weather Map API is based on HTTP queries, which are sent to Foreca servers. The service responds by providing graphics in vector format (SVG) or raster (PNG, JPG). The service can also be requested to list available data layers and available time stamps for any given coordinate (longitude and latitude). This information is given in JSON format. Multiple zoom levels for the weather overlays are available (levels 3-12).
For more detailed information, please complete the contact us form on the API's homepage, and a Foreca team member will assist you.
 The Yahoo Weather RSS API allows developers to integrate up-to-date weather information for their location into their website or client application. This feed is dynamically generated based on WOEID (Where On Earth IDentifier) and is returned as an XML document that conforms to the RSS 2.0 specification. Users can save their feed to My Yahoo! or any feed aggregator.
 The AccuWeather Tropical API allows developers to get current positions, past positions, and forecasts for tropical cyclones worldwide. Developers can use this API to get a storm's name, position, advisory ID, maximum wind gust, maximum sustained wind, and status. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Translations API allows developers to retrieve a list of available languages, groups of phrases available for translation, and translations for all phrases in a specific group. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Alerts API allows developers to get severe weather alerts from official government meteorological agencies and leading global weather alert providers. Developers will need to use the AccuWeather Locations API to get the location key for their desired location. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Weather Alarms API allows developers to get weather alarms for a given location. Weather Alarms exist when daily forecast conditions for a location meet or exceed a certain threshold. Developers can get 1, 5, 10, or 15 days of Weather Alarms for a given location. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Locations API allows developers to get a location key corresponding with a given location. This key can be used to retrieve weather data from the AccuWeather Forecast and Current Conditions APIs. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Forecast API allows developers to get forecast information for a specific location. Developers can get daily forecasts for the next 1, 5, 10, or 15 days or hourly forecasts for the next 1, 12, 24, 72, or 120 hours. Developers will need to use a location key obtained from the AccuWeather Locations API in their API call. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Indices API allows developers to get daily index values for a given location (availability varies between locations). Developers can request 1, 5, 10, or 15 days of index values for a specific index, a group of indices, or all indices. Developers can also get metadata for a specific index type, all daily indices, all index groups, or all indices in a specified group. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Imagery API allows developers to get radar and satellite weather images. Developers will needs to use the AccuWeather Locations API to get the location key for their desired location. Radar images are not currently available for all locations, but satellite images are still provided where they're unavailable. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The AccuWeather Current Conditions API allows developers to get the current conditions data for a given location. This includes metrics such as temperature, pressure, time of day, relative humidity, dew point, wind direction, wind speed, and UV index. Developers will need to use the AccuWeather Locations API to obtain the location key for their desired location. AccuWeather is a company that provides highly accurate real-time weather information for 2.3 million locations around the world.
 The IP2Location IP Geolocation Web Service API offers a service to identify the location and other geo-information of an IP address, such as ISO3166 country code, region or state, city, latitude and longitude, ZIP/Postal code, time zone, Internet Service Provider (ISP) or company name, domain name, net speed, area code, weather station code, weather station name, mobile country code (MCC), mobile network code (MNC) and carrier brand, elevation, and usage type.
There are also 7 categories of additional add-on response fields supported such as metro, olson time zone, translations and more.
Search results are derived from IP2Location™ index of over 4 billion unique IP addresses. IPv4 and IPv6 are supported.
 The Weather Unlocked Local Weather API is designed for use in the integration of weather data in web or mobile apps. Access requires sign up for API key. Requests are made over HTTP or HTTPS. The API returns responses in JSON or XML format.
 The Weather Unlocked Ski Resort API makes it easier for developers to include SKI Resort Snow Report and Mountain Forecast data in applications. Access requires sign up for API key. Make requests are over HTTP or HTTPS. The API returns responses in JSON or XML format.
 The Weather Unlocked WeatherTrigger API allows users to query Weather Unlocked’s database of global weather data. The API provides access to historical data up to seven days back, current data, and forecast data up to seven days ahead. Access requires sign up for API key. Make requests are over HTTP or HTTPS. The API returns responses in JSON or XML format.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Region API supports the maintenance and management of MeteoGroup’s region information. The API’s architecture is designed to provide information for locations alongside descriptive attributes such as the time zone and names of a region.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Nautical API is a shipping solution that supports the transmission of weather forecasts and hindcasts for the marine industry. It allows developers to integrate the capabilities for accessing weather forecasts for sailing routes and other offshore locations. It delivers data for prevailing conditions at the high seas including currents, swell, water temperature, and wind waves among others. The API supports only a single call at a time for requests of weather parameters such as location and time stamp. Users can access the latest weather predictions and hindcast data stretching a maximum of one year back from the current date.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Weather Report API allows developers to integrate weather report templates and data sources in applications. The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Weather Warnings API facilitates the delivery of sever weather warnings issued by environmental agencies in Canada, Europe, and the United States. The agencies that are currently covered by the API include the UK MetOffice (UKMO), National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Environment Canada (ENVCA), UK Environment Agency (UKENVA), Natural Resources Wales (NATWALES), Scottish Environment Protection Agency (SEPA), and PAAQ. Individuals can contact MeteoGroup sales representatives to suggest additional agencies.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Station Metadata API provides access to the database of weather stations that generate forecasts and observation data. The API returns responses for location requests in GeoJSON format.
meteogroup-sunrise-&-sunset didn't extract the description
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Air Quality API delivers the pollution data of specified locations. This includes pollen data in the UK. Requests for pollution or pollen data must be provide geo location point by latitude and longitude. The API returns responses in JSON format.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Lightning API conveys real-time data of all the Lightning strikes that occur over a specified duration within the last 72 hours. The display results of the strikes are categorized in different color codes according to severity. Unlike other MeteoGroup APIs that specify single areas in requests, the Lightning API requests are restricted to a four-sided geographical grid. The API returns responses in JSON format.
 MeteoGroup is a provider of full-service B2B weather solutions that allow businesses to take into account weather predictions in their decision-making processes. The MeteoGroup Point Forecast API supports weather predictions for particular locations on the basis of historical observations alongside various numeric prediction models for weather conditions. The API’s requests are programmed to trigger searches for the meteorological station within the proximity of the provided latitude and longitude grids of a location. The API returns responses in JSON format.
 The Meteomatics Weather API provides access to historical, current, and forecast weather data for locations around the world, including model data and observational data in both time series and areal formats. Historical data goes back as far as 1979. Many response formats are supported, including CSV, JSON, XML, and GeoTIFF.
Developers can try the API free for two weeks before applying for paid access.
 The Weatherbit Historical Weather API provides hourly historical weather information for cities, postal codes, IP address, and more. The API supports up to 5 years of historical data from over 380,000 cities. This data is quality controlled and corrected. The supported response formats are JSON and JSONP. API Key is required to identify the requester.
 The AerisWeather Maps Platform provides weather information in graphical form that includes a set of weather layers for past, current and future options, and customization options allowing you to create maps. Aeris Maps uses static maps that you add to a web page, visual display or fully interactive maps for web and mobile users with integration options. AerisWeather provides custom weather solutions that allow you to create your own weather data with Weather API’s and developer toolkits.
 The WXT Weather Service provides atmospheric weather information through a REST architecture, HTTP requests, and JSON formats. It integrates METAR/TAF information, sun, and moon calculations, targeting aviation and energy applications.
Advanced features include:
-Upper atmosphere information (e.g., research, aviation, rocketry, military)
-Automated, push-type notification of arbitrary weather-related events (alert service)
-Calculation of arbitrary results derived from weather forecast information via a server-side scripting language.
The default response type is application/json, although other formats may be supported. At the present time, there is partial support for comma-separated value (CSV) responses.
 ULTRA-PRECISE WEATHER DATA FOR BETTER DECISION-MAKING
MetGIS combines exact weather models and terrain data and thus creates ultra-precise forecasts. With a resolution of up to 30 m MetGIS forecasts are among the best in the world. For you this means: Better decisions, targeted actions and new opportunities.
POINT-BASED API: FORECASTS, CURRENT AND HISTORIC WEATHER DATA
MetGIS weather data can be retrieved from the point API via https that are delivered in JSON or JSONP format and is optimized for mountainous and remote regions worldwide - thanks to extremely detailed geographical data!
EXTREMELY DETAILED WEATHER MAPS (TILES)
Weather layers for Google Maps & co: Embed extremely detailed weather layers (tiles) into web projects, apps and GIS.
 The SITA Weather APIallows developers to build weather prediction applications. The RESTful API generates data of current and forecasted weather conditions in different parts of the world. It is well suited for the development of air travel applications, although access to its documentation is restricted to subscribed users. The API use the HTTP protocol to send requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 The Cheap Weather API is a standard weather API that is available in free or pay versions, and is cheaper than other options. It is limited in scope as it is only for continental United States and does not provide a maps API. It does provide 3-day/ 3-hour forecasts and forecasts by zip code for all versions; but with the pay versions one can then add geolocation forecast and extended 7-day forecasts.
 The SITA Weather API allows developers to build weather prediction applications. The RESTful API generates data of current and forecasted weather conditions in different parts of the world. It is well suited for the development of air travel applications, although access to its documentation is restricted to subscribed users. The API use the HTTP protocol to send requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 The Earth Networks Sferic API delivers real-time weather information, hourly forecasts utilizing high accuracy forecast models, and other top-notch weather data.
This data and analytical model delivery API provides:Real-time weather for any locationCommercial-grade & proprietary dataHourly forecastingMap tilesBy partnering with Earth Networks, you'll have the flexibility to use the data in your applications and analytical models. Data requests are made to a REST API, enabling quick and easy integration, and you can choose from a wide range of options based on your volume and specific needs.
A free 30-day trail is available here: http://go.earthnetworks.com/sfericapi
 Gain access to current weather data for any location on Earth including over 200,000 cities using the OpenWeatherMap Current Data API. This allows you to; Call current weather data for several cities, Weather parameters and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 Gain access to hourly historical weather data for cities and historical data from weather stations using the OpenWeatherMap Historical Data API. This allows you to; Call data for History Bulk, Hourly historical data for cities and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 The OpenWeatherMap Weather Stations API allows you to add and set up your meteorological stations using methods for stations management and measurements transmissions. Some features include; managing your personal weather stations, creation of the station and measurements transfer, receive the aggregated measurements from the station and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 Gain access to OpenWeatherMap's many kinds of weather maps using the Weather Map Layers API. This includes; Customized weather layers, Precipitation, Sea level pressure, Wind speed and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 Gain access to OpenWeatherMap's simple syntax and Weather Alerts methods to create triggers which will fire on an occurrence of the selected weather conditions. This includes; temperature, humidity, pressure and more. OpenWeatherMap provides open weather data, satellite imagery, IoT, and other environmental data for developers.
 The GSMA SmartData IoT BDE API by Orange allows you access to the data translation FIWARE data model NGSIv2. This includes AirQualityObserved, WeatherObserved, Vehicle, PointOfInterest and OnStreetParking. GSMA represents the interests of mobile operators worldwide, uniting nearly 800 operators with almost 300 companies in the broader mobile ecosystem.
 The World Air Quality Index REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of the index with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include geo-based queries, retrieving air quality data for cities and regions, and retrieving current weather conditions. The World Air Quality Index project is a social enterprise project started in 2007. The mission is to promote air pollution awareness and provide a unified air quality information for places around the world. The project is providing air quality information for more than 70 countries, covering more than 9000 stations in 600 major cities, via those two websites: aqicn.org and waqi.info.
 The Weatherbit API allows developers to get >5 years of backfilled historical data, 16 day (daily) forecasts, 5 day (3 hour interval), 48 hour (hourly) forecasts, and current weather observations programmatically. Weather data is supplied by over 40,000 weather stations, and 370,000 cities located around the world. This service is geared toward high-volume users and is available in both free and paid versions.
 The Traveler Information API's allow you access to WSDOT data. This includes; Border Crossings, Highway Alerts, Mountain Pass Conditions and more. The Washington State Department of Transportation is the steward of a multimodal transportation system and responsible for ensuring that people and goods move safely and efficiently. In addition to building, maintaining, and operating the state highway system, WSDOT is responsible for the state ferry system, and works in partnership with others to maintain and improve local roads, railroads and airports, as well as to support alternatives to driving, such as public transportation, bicycles and pedestrian programs.
 This API allows you access to WSDOT Tolling data. This includes; current toll rates for high occupancy lanes, get information for the HOV toll lanes and more. The Washington State Department of Transportation is the steward of a multimodal transportation system and responsible for ensuring that people and goods move safely and efficiently. In addition to building, maintaining, and operating the state highway system, WSDOT is responsible for the state ferry system, and works in partnership with others to maintain and improve local roads, railroads and airports, as well as to support alternatives to driving, such as public transportation, bicycles and pedestrian programs.
 The WSDOT Traveler API's provides a single gateway to all of WSDOT's data. The Washington State Ferry Fare data service includes; ticket costs, categories, totals and more. The Washington State Department of Transportation is the steward of a multimodal transportation system and responsible for ensuring that people and goods move safely and efficiently. In addition to building, maintaining, and operating the state highway system, WSDOT is responsible for the state ferry system, and works in partnership with others to maintain and improve local roads, railroads and airports, as well as to support alternatives to driving, such as public transportation, bicycles and pedestrian programs.
 Solcast API delivers solar power and radiation forecasts and measurements, plus temperature - anywhere in the world.
Authentication is available via Key.
With the API, developers can obtain PV power output forecast, access solar radiation estimates, access real-time data, and apply analytics for individualized forecasts.
 The Airvisual API integrates air quality index and air pollution with a coverage in more than 60 countries, including 11,000 government stations. AirVisual data is returned in a standard and concentration AQI (US or China). Several package options are available based on the number of API calls, that can be performed in JSON format and require Key to authenticate.
 The Google Awareness API is a unified sensing platform that equips applications with the capabilities to react to, and process the different contexts that define a user’s environment and activities. Designed to optimize performance without compromising system resources, the API combines seven location and context signals into a single platform that allows developers to build powerful features that can contextualize a user’s environment and activities. The seven location and context signals are time, location, place, activity, beacons, headphones, and weather.
This API offers user friendly features and energy saving functionalities. A single Google Awareness API is sufficient to get an app running, and this simplifies the integration process and overall productivity. The API also processes raw signals to deliver filtered data about a user’s context. It is able to manage battery life while processing signals in ways that were not previously possible.
The Google Awareness API is anchored on the Fence API and Snapshot API. The Fence API allows an app to register the current situation of a user and conveys notification of the met combined context conditions. The Fence API sends callbacks of a registered fence to the destination app even when the app is off.
The Snapshot API, on the other hand, allows an app to send requests for information about the current context of a user. A Snapshot API-enabled app can request for context details such as a user’s current location and the location’s weather condition.
 [This API is no longer available and this page is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
Weathers.co offers a simple integration that displays basic weather information within a third-party application. This API supports GET requests with the "city" parameter which returns temperature, sky conditions, humidity, wind speed, date, and day when temperature was measured. JSON is used for data exchange.
 The Amdoren Weather API allows developers to integrate the 5-day weather forecast into their websites and applications. Forecasts are presented in a simple manner without extra information so that weather conditions can be determined at a glance. This API is provided free of charge.
 The Smart Citizen API provides public access to the Smart Citizen platform for application development and experimentation. The Smart Citizen platform is designed to connect data, people, and knowledge regarding the living conditions in various cities. The Smart Citizen Kit is a sensor that measures air composition, temperature, humidity, light intensity, and sound levels. Data collected by the sensor is streamed to the platform over wi-fi.
auroraslive didn't extract the description
 The BloomSky API allows developers to link their personal weather stations to a variety of different outputs. It can export a given station's latest weather data, pictures, and time-lapse videos. This API is provided by BloomSky, a hyperlocal network of weather cameras that provides real time visual weather information from around the world.
 The PredictHQ API is a gateway to a broad range of scheduled and unscheduled event categories. From public holidays, school holidays and observances, to concerts, festivals, performing arts, community, sports, conferences, expos, daylight savings, airport delays, severe weather, natural disasters and even terror. The API allows users to filter events and integrate it into their target products or applications to operate as a single source of data for events. All events have a numeric ranking so developers have the ability to further filter by major to minor events.
 The Laminar Weather Data REST API integrates forecast information, according to visibility, wind, cloud, and climate change. Developers can send HTTP requests to receive XML and GeoJSON responses. Authentication is required with Api Key.
skywise-current-&-forecast didn't extract the description
 The SkyWise Tiles API allows developers to embed detailed weather visualizations into their mapping environments and applications. Embeddable content includes radar data, satellite data, NWS watches and warnings, tropical plots, and more. Developers can pick and choose which layers to display and even combine them with layers from other sources.
 The SkyWise Insight API allows developers to access historical, current, and forecast data for any geographic area of interest. Weather information is updated hourly and has a resolution of 1km throughout North America. The API includes endpoints for standard weather variables as well as some industry-specific metrics, such as Heating/Cooling Degree Days, Growing Degree Days, and Evapotranspiration.
 This REST API allows access to weather forecasts and reports, severe weather alerts and information about when the sun and moon rise and set, and the phase of the moon. The HERE Weather API returns temperature, precipitation, wind, humidity and more. HERE is a mapping and location technology company.
 Pingeolo is a URI/CRUD API and geolocation provider with local data features such as longitude, latitude, weather, and timezone. It also offers an IP geolocation database for 170 countries which supports applications with localized search results. 4 priced plans are available, and a free trial is available as well. Developers need to register to access API documentation. The Pingeolo uses API Keys for authentication, and responds in JSON format; requests are made through HTTP.
 The Synoptic Data integrates weather information into applications. It is available in JSON architecture with SSL GET requests. Tutorials available at https://api.synoptic.io/tutorials/
 The aWhere API integrates historical weather data with the aim to improve agricultural decisions. HTTP format is available to send requests and receive responses. Authentication is required with OAuth2 access. aWhere provides agronomic data services for agriculture intelligence.
 The 511NY API integrates New York's traffic data. It is available in REST protocol with a developer Key. Traffic speeds, incidents, roadwork, and cameras can be included in new mobile traffic applications with API access. New York State 511 provides citizens with traffic and transportation information, news, and updates.
 The Tempo API is used to obtain weather forecast information through the Centro de Previsão de Tempo e Estudos Climáticos (CPTEC/INPE). This API returns information in JSON format. Vitortec is a software development firm based in Brazil which provides applications for Android, Facebook, Chrome, Windows, and Linux. Also, it offers web development services with CMS WordPress, and Bootstrap.
 The World Weather Online Local City Weather API integrates forecast predictions according to local venues. Formats include CSV, JSON, and XML.
 The World Weather Online Ski Weather API integrates forecast for chance of snow, freeze level, temperature, precipitation, and expected snow fall. Available in XML and JSON formats with Api Key.
 The World Weather Online Historical or Past Weather API integrates previous forecast records into applications. It is available in CSV, JSON, and XML formats.
 The Weather Online Local City and Town Weather integrates forecast predictions according to location. It is available in CSV, JSON, JSONP, and XML formats.
world-weather-online-marine,-sailing,-surfing-weather didn't extract the description
 The Travelbriefing.org Public API is a database-as-a-service platform that provides access to country-specific information about travel regulations and prevailing environmental conditions. Users seeking to travel to particular destinations only need to make API calls to remotely access information such as security situation, visa requirements, weather, transport, energy, financials, communication, health, and demographic characteristics of populations. Developers can also take advantage of the API’s flexibility to integration with other projects. The Travelbriefing.org Public API conveys requests and responses in JSON format.
 The Meteotest Data Exchange API provides data and weather forecasts. Available in German language, Meteotest offers measurements of the past and forecasts of the future, in addition to information about temperature, sunshine, rain showers, snow and wind and fog and thunder and lightning calculated by Meteonorm software. Protocols include JSON, JSONP, XML, YAML, CSV, and Text. Accessible with Key.
nasa-predict-the-sky didn't extract the description
 The Windy API is a free public API that developers can use to add an interactive animated weather forecast map to applications and websites. The Windy animated map displays information and forecasts for wind, clouds, waves, temperature, and more. The API requires the Leaflet JavaScript library.
 The Planet OS API provides access to a growing catalog of Earth data from the world's most respected providers. Developers, researchers, and climate specialists can integrate environmental data into applications, analyses, and other data-driven solutions. The RESTful API requires an API key to make requests and is accessible for free with a basic account. Planet OS focuses on collecting earth, environment, weather and climate data through IoT sensors.
 The meteoblue API is an interface for weather data designed to receive forecasts from direct HTTP requests to meteoblue servers. The requests are executed instantaneously and always provide latest up-to-date data. The meteoblue API provides updated local weather information for systems, weather information for each location on Earth (or in the ocean) from coordinates (latitude/longitude) and altitude (asl), flexible requests adapted to user demand (no pre-programmed daily downloads), and the opportunity to minimize infrastructure for hosting weather data.
 The WeatherBug Pulse API allows developers to retrieve live weather conditions, forecasts, lightning information, and severe weather warnings for all US zip codes. WeatherBug is a full source weather provider that offers exclusive data from its network of over 8,000 weather observation stations. WeatherBug is available for free on a variety of platforms including Android, iOS, and Windows desktop.
nasa's-mars-atmospheric-aggregation-system-(maas) didn't extract the description
 The FeedSyndicate Weather API allows developers to access up-to-date weather information for their web and mobile applications. The feed is dynamically generated based on the user's zip code, Location ID, or geocode and can provide up to a 7-day forecast. This API provides weather data for thousands of locations, both in the U.S. and internationally. FeedSyndicate provides full news to entertainment content feeds for websites and applications.
 The Velocity Weather API allows developers to incorporate the Baron Weather service into their applications. Data products in the API fall into two categories – Text and Graphical products. Text products are returned in either JSON or JSONP text formats, and can be displayed on a map or integrated into a user interface. Graphical products are images, provided in PNG format for overlay onto a map. Data provided includes shore wave conditions, tornado tracking, roadway conditions, Baron provides actionable and intelligent weather services helping business across several industries mitigate dangerous weather.
 The NEA Datasets API offers updated weather, and environmental information by Singapore's National Environment Agency. It provides an application with ultraviolet information, forecasts, and earthquake information. Developers need to register and receive an API key before using this API. The National Environment Agency is responsible for preserving a clean environment in Singapore.
 The Qalendra Predictions API provides long-range predictions for travel and hospitality. This Restful API responds in the JSON format and employs HTTP Basic Authentication. It is powered by algorithms that ingest big data, compare all destinations at once and identify where the best conditions for vacations, sports and activities are, anywhere in the world, with months in advance. Different data sources are analyzed such as weather , terrain, and traffic. Qalendra offers one pay-per-use plan.
 The ECMWF API allows outside developers to access some internal data and features of the ECMWF center. This external access is limited and managed by the User Profile access (Member State, Commercial customers, ECMWF staff member...). ECMWF ( European Center for Medium range Weather Forecasting ) provides a model for medium-range numerical weather prediction. This API is RESTful.
 The Apixu API provides weather data for developing weather apps. The RESTful API uses JSON over HTTP for requests/returns and requires an API Key for authentication. Apixu offers data for real-time weather, 10 day weather forecast, astronomy, time zone, and location. A few of the available methods include: maximum and minimum temperature, wind speed, sun and moon rise/set, and "feels like" temperatures. See the API documentation for full method descriptions and information on how to get started developing with Apixu.
 The Soil Conditions API uses detail from several in-house computer models to provide users with historically estimated depth specific soil moisture and temperature conditions. Requests require a unique API key, and both requests and responses are in HTTP.
Iteris ClearAg provides high-resolution data services, derived from data assimilation and modeling technologies, for agricultural applications. ClearAg offers multiple APIs for agribusiness and offers API integration, application framework and white label capability.
 The Crop Health API provides growth, pest, and specific recommendation to agricultural users through single sine, corn growth, spring wheat growth, canola growth, sugar beet growth, and barley growth API services.
Iteris ClearAg provides high-resolution data services, derived from data assimilation and modeling technologies, for agricultural applications. ClearAg offers multiple APIs for agribusiness and offers API integration, application framework and white label capability.
 The Field Weather API uses ClearAg's meteorological data, weather models and sensor data to provide users with field specific weather data. Requests require a unique API key and both requests and responses are in HTTP or HTTPS. Field Weather API methods include historical and current forecasts, temperature, hail, and rain data.
Iteris ClearAg provides high-resolution data services, derived from data assimilation and modeling technologies, for agricultural applications. ClearAg offers multiple APIs for agribusiness and offers API integration, application framework and white label capability.
 The Map Overlay API uses ClearAg's meteorological data, weather models and sensor data to to generate map overlays for specific locals. Requests require a unique API key, and both requests and responses are in HTTP. Map Overlay API provides overlays of observed and forecasted data, including radar imagery, temperature, humidity, and wind speeds. Iteris ClearAg provides high-resolution data services, derived from data assimilation and modeling technologies, for agricultural applications. ClearAg offers multiple APIs for agribusiness and offers API integration, application framework and white label capability.
 The AgriCharts getWeather API provides developers access to current conditions and forecasts based on zip code; as well as weather maps based on type or region. AgriCharts is a BarChart Company, providing agribusinesses cloud-based data and API solutions.
 The Airlines API delivers important details about an airline including IATA/ICAO codes, airline name, and active/inactive status. This data can be delivered as an XML or JSON response localized to multiple languages.
The Weather API includes METAR, TAF (Terminal Aerodrome/Area Forecast), and Zone Forecasts.
METAR reports provide up-to-date information on current weather conditions at an airport; we enrich these reports with tag annotations identifying prevailing conditions and notable hazards that may impact aviation.
Our two forecast products, TAF and Zone Forecasts, are complementary in scope.
TAF provides a detailed forecast for the immediate vicinity of an airport, generally covering a 9 to 12 hour window (sometimes greater).
Zone Forecasts provide longer-term and more geographically broad outlook via day-by-day forecasts generally stretching up to about a week in the future.
 WeatherSTEM is a service that is designed to help educators create STEM lessons and activities that incorporate real-world weather. Users can add WeatherSTEM's current and historical data to their websites and applications via API. Code examples are provided in ActionScript 3, Curl, C#, Java, Ruby, and other common languages.
 The only accurate long range forecast API available. Using the LRC methodology and created by actual meteorologists, the Weather2020 API offers 12-weeks of written forecasts as well as video forecasts and education.
 Sunrise-Sunset is a free online service that provides users with information on day length, twilight, sunrise times, and sunset times for any date and location in the world. The free Sunrise Sunset Times API allows users to retrieve exact sunrise and sunset times for a given latitude and longitude. Users may also specify a date if they wish.
 The BreezoMeter Air Quality API allows developers to request air quality information for a specified location (given in latitude and longitude coordinates) including indexes, pollutants, and health recommendations. Developers can request a location's current conditions, hourly forecast for up to four days, and hourly history going back up to 30 days.
BreezoMeter provides global, real-time air quality data that can help individuals make better health decisions based on their local air pollution levels and their personal sensitivities.
 PressureNet.io is a company that provides atmosphere data and software intelligence for improving weather and climate forecasting. They've built an open source platform that collects live atmosphere data from Android smartphones locate around the world. This network takes 5 million measurements per day. Atmosphere researchers can access a feed of this data from the PressureNet API.
 DOCOMO is a Japanese provider that offers a suite of API tools meant to streamline application development. Developers can make calls to the Environment Sensor API in order to retrieve temperature, precipitation rates, and UV radiation detection from all 47 Japanese prefectures. These weather statistics are updated on an hourly basis. The Environment Sensor API can be implemented via REST and is accessible through it's corresponding Android & Java SDKs. DOCOMO also offers an API console to easily demo their many APIs.
 The 5 Day Weather API accepts a city as a single parameter and returns a 5 day forecast. Specifically, the API will accept an HTTP request with a city name identifier and will return a JSON object that includes the requested city name, the temperature, the sky conditions, projected humidity, wind speed in MPH, and day names with associated calendar dates. Users can make specific calls to switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit and Km/h and mph according to local standards. The API is free to use without restriction. Developers interested in testing the functionality of the API can visit the 5DayWeather.org web app that is accessible on most devices. The site also hosts a widget for website add-on integrations.
 Growstuff is an online community of food gardeners. Using their open source platform, gardeners can track seeds they plant, exchange seeds with local gardeners, and learn more about growing their own food. Growstuff is in the process of developing an API that will allow 3rd party applications to be built around their open datasets regarding crop, climate, and geographic specific planting advice. The API will be in a JSON format with HTTP requests. Additional open developer documentation is available on GitHub.
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture, media, financial, and energy industries. The getWeather API provides current conditions and forecasts based on zip code. As well as weather maps based on type or region. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 The Numerous app consolidates the important numbers that a user follows on a daily basis into a convenient viewable and customizable model. The app allows for tracking and sharing of personal behavioural statistics as well as social, weather, calendar, price indexes, and other forms of monitoring. The app offers a RESTful API that allows for account and data sharing for integration with 3rd party applications.
 The World Bank profiles climate data in the site Climate Change World Portal. The organization also offers an API for developers interested to access some of the info uploaded on such website. With the API, users can create an application featuring information in real time. This could be valuable because the reports will always be recent. The API is about access to climate information. Some of the resources include REST basic requests in the form of variables to support time, precipitation, temperature, historical data and statistics. API Key is required. Developers can use this data to support their own applications, as long as they fulfill the requirements stated in World Bank’s terms of use.
 The WeatherTrigger API allows users to retrieve weather information for the last 7 days, the current weather, or the 7-day forecast. Users can query data for locations around the world by their geographic coordinates or zip code. Up to three queries can be included in a single API call.
 WeerAPI is an unofficial API that scrapes basic weather data from the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (KNMI). WeerAPI delivers data from 36 monitoring stations. Datatypes include temperature, humidity, wind speed, visibility, and air pressure.
 Venstar Inc is a designer and producer of lighting, refrigeration, and HVAC systems that are focused on increased technology. The products include and focus on Energy Management, Internet Control, Wireless Products, Phone Control, Voice Recognition, Light Activation, and IR Remote Control. The Venstar API utilizes a Remote Control Protocol which enables WiFi equipped thermostats to be controlled through REST calls. An account is required with service.
 The Trogsoft UK Weather API provides a variety of weather information for the United Kingdom. Some API methods include retreiving: up to five day forecast, current observations every hour, lookup forecasts and observations by latitude and longitude, lookup forecasts and observations by large town or city name, and access to historical observations.
 AirNOW is a U.S. EPA program that provides forecast and real-time air quality information (AQI) across North America. AirNOW collects data from more than 2,000 monitoring stations and forecasts for over 300 cities.
The AirNOW API allows developers to programmatically access air quality forecasts and real-time data. The API is able to deliver data for a specific zip code or a set of geographic coordinates, as well as historical air quality observations.
 The National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) is a service of NOAA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. The NCDC is responsible for preserving, monitoring, assessing, and providing public access to climate and historical weather data.
The Severe Weather Data Inventory (SWDI) is a dataset of severe weather records for the U.S. The database integrates records from a variety of NCDC sources. The SWDI API provides programmatic access to the database. The API is able to specify a dataset and date range, and filter results using a variety of parameters.
 The Open Meteo Foundation (OMetFn) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting open meteorological data, technology, and science. One project of the OMetFn is Open Meteo Forecast, which seeks to provide open weather forecasts for locations around the world. The Open Meteo Forecast API gives developers programmatic access to a small portion of the group's data. This API is still experimental, and feedback is welcome.
 The NWCC (National Water and Climate Center) is a US government organization created to develop information and technology resources on snow, water, climate, and hydrology. The NWCC provides the Air-Water Database (AWDB) API, which allows users to retrieve data, metadata, 30-year normals, and water availability forecasts via SOAP calls.
 The Netatmo Security API allows developers to get notifications and to retrieve events and timelines of events for Netatmo's smart indoor cameras, smart outdoor cameras, smart smoke alarms, and smart door and window sensors.
This API is part of Netatmo Connect, which is Netatmo's API suite for integrating with their products. Netatmo designs, produces and distributes smart devices for people’s homes.
 Predictivez is a data prediction service that aims to help companies with predictive analytics in production, sales, forecasting, and other metrics. The Predictivez API uses REST calls, returns JSON, csv, or excel, and requires an account for use. The API allows users to submit data for analysis and retrieve predictions and forecasts.
 The Iowa Environmental Mesonet (IEM) collects and makes available environmental data from a network of independent members. The IEM produces several products to display their data, including the RadMap API. The RadMap dynamically generates a PNG image based on a given set of HTTP parameters.
 MSW (Magic SeaWeed) provides detailed, long range surf forecasts for almost 3000 beaches in 180 countries. The MSW Forecast API offers programmatic access to core weather and ocean data specifically purposed for surfing. The RESTful API provides access to data types such as breaking wave height, wind, temperature, and sea level pressure.
 World Weather Online provides global weather content and forecasts businesses, travel industry, and websites. The World Weather Online Ski and Mountain API method allows developers and programmers to access accurate and reliable weather forecast for Top, Middle and Bottom Elevations. The API uses REST calls and returns weather data in XML and JSON format and contains weather elements like Chance of Snow, Total Snowfall amount, temperature, precipitation (rainfall), weather description, weather icon and wind speed. It could be used for personal as well as for commercial purpose.
 MeteoGalicia is the regional meteorological agency for Galicia, Spain. MeteoGalicia provides operative weather forecasts, numerical weather forecasts, meteorological visualization and climatology.
MetoGalicia's MeteoSIX API is a free web service for access to meteorological and oceanographic information. Use the API to retrieve tide forecasts, estimated sunrise and sunset hours, and results of the different numeric forecast models. The API is RESTful and an API key is required.
 rFocus provides a handful of GIS-related web services to the public free of charge. These are limited in focus, designed mainly to showcase some of the technologies that rFocus has been involved in. They are also available as a resource for anyone who only requires simple geolocation services. The GIS APIs allow users to find the real-world locations of IP addresses, get the GPS locations of physical addresses, perform reverse geocoding, retrieve location-related Wikipedia articles, get the weather for a given location, and track courier packages.
 WindOnTheWater.com is a mashup of data from real-time public wind sensors and Google Maps. It was built as a resource for kiteboarding, windsurfing, sailing, and other wind-based activities.
WindOnTheWater.com exposes its mashed up data through a free API. Through simple HTTP calls, developers can automate access to wind data, tides, webcams, and more, filterable by region or specified location.
 Bitcoin Sentiment is a polling site where users vote on the future price of Bitcoins. The site also offers charts of the sentiment data, and makes the data freely downloadable. The Bitcoin Sentiment API allows users to send votes to indicate bullish or bearish prospects for the Bitcoin economy, and get data from Bitcoin Sentiment. The services uses REST calls and is free to use.
 The IMN (Instituto MeteorolÃ³gico Nacional) is the scientific body responsible for the coordination of all meteorological activities in Costa Rica. It systematically monitors the weather in order to promote the safety of air navigation and prevent hydrometeorological disasters.
The IMN API provides users with programmatic means for getting the current weather as well as near and long-term forecasts for cities or regions within Costa Rica. The website and the API documentation are given only in Spanish.
 Weather Source is a service that provides weather data. Weather Source provides weather data for clients in multiple industries for multiple purposes. Weather Source provides historical weather data and reports, weather forecast data, and astronomical reports.
The Weather Source API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Weather Source with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving weather history data, and retrieving astronomical data.
city-of-tempe-local-weather didn't extract the description
 ClimbingWeather.com provides pinpoint weather data for climbing sites. Weather data is pulled from the National Weather Service National Digital Forecast Database. The ClimbingWeather.com API provides a RESTful interface for interacting with the siteâ€™s area and forecast data. The API returns JSON formatted responses.
 Lost Springs Ranch is located in the Texas Hill Country west of Austin. They provide a safe habitat for local wildlife and propagate native plants, especially those endemic to Central Texas. The Lost Springs website primarily contains photos and information about the native plants; however, it also provides a local weather information service. This can be viewed directly through the site, or users may employ a SOAP-based API to retrieve weather information as either text or an image.
 Metwit is a real-time, crowdsourced, social weather application. Users can share information about the weather through tags and applications and users can search for weather by location.
The Metwit API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Metwit with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include sending and receiving weather information, retrieving weather information by location, and accessing metatags associated with weather reports.
 The Weekly CO2 API is a JSONP service providing the latest weekly atmospheric CO2 average as measured at NOAA's Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii. The data is sourced from MLO's RSS feed. The averages recorded for the same week 1 and 10 years ago can also be retrieved. Responses are formatted in plain text.
 The service provides metadata describing stations maintained by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) for monitoring weather conditions. It does not provide measurements of weather logged by the stations, rather it gives station locations and describes their surrounding environments. Location is specified as two-letter codes for U.S. state or Canadian province and latitude/longitude pair. Additional conditions noted include elevation, nearby rivers or lakes, etc.
API methods support retrieval of descriptive metadata about a weather station, either by NOAA ID value or name, with dates when conditions were assessed. Methods also retrieve stations within a specified state or country and descriptive data recorded during particular date ranges.
 SnoCountry exists to highlight and disseminate snow conditions, mountain weather, snowsport events, and ski resort information. The SnoCountry API provides developer access to snow conditions and resort data. Responses may be returned in JSON or HTML format.
 OpenSnow.com provides meteorologist-crafted snow reports and forecasts for ski resorts across America. The OpenSnow API provides developer access to ski area forecasts. Responses may be returned in XML, JSON, or CSV format.
 The service from the Korean Meteorological Administration (KMA) provides a shared database of weather observations, measurements, and forecasts. It reports any special warnings about weather conditions in the area along with reports on lightning activity, radar and satellite imagery, weather charts, and related resources. Data services are provided to partner agencies, businesses, and the general public.
API methods support retrieval of forecast data, warnings about extraordinary conditions, readings from surface observation stations, and satellite radar data.
 reegle is a clean energy information service that makes management and tagging of clean energy and climate relevant services more easily accomplished through their automated tag extraction service. reegle also provides a semantic index which allows users to be guided to relevant articles based on their search terms through resources such as: reegle.info, Linked Open Data (LOD), REEEP project outcome documents and more. Content is available in English, German, French, Portuguese and Spanish.
The reegle API is REST based with returns formatted in either XML, JSON or RDF. GET and POST methods are supported.
 Swellcast provides surf and weather information for many locations in Australia. Swellcast offers forecast information for beaches and surf in Australia.
The Swellcast API allows developers to access and integrate the data of Swellcast with other applications and to create new applications. The API methods are returning information on surf forecasts by all states, by specific states, and by location.
 Weather-API.net provides weather information with focus on historical weather tracking. Information is currently available from 53 years ago with access to over 1.9 million datapoints. A hourly historical weather forecast is available as well. All of the information comes from government vetted sources of information and has been closely scrutinized for accuracy.
The Server-based API (also Javascript available) allows you to place GET calls for multiple locations based on latitude or longitude, city name, country name, US zip code, dates and various types of weather conditions (precipitation). XML formatting is available, but JSON is the default
 The service provides a mapped image for U.S. weather conditions as detected by NEXRAD weather radar stations. Also available are GOES imagery created by geostationary weather satellites for inclusion in GIS output, local storm reports, and warnings and watches issued by county authorities.
API methods support submission of a query with URL parameters that specify location, desired image size, and technical specifications for radar data to be selected. Returned data provide a link to a PNG image showing the most recently recorded radar results illustrated as storm cells, cloud cover, and related weather phenomena. Methods allow specification of location by named places according to the list in the 2010 U.S. Census.
 Radarmatic provides a JSON data feed representing measured precipitation from 200 weather radar stations, both within and outside the continental United States. Radar data come from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), which aggregates and provides the data either in real time or with only short delays. The service caches the NOAA feeds and generates JSON output.
API methods support requests specifying a radar reporting station to retrieve data representing its most recent report of precipitation. Only one station may be specified at a time currently. The JSON output allows creation of images in the browser to recreate conditions detected by the reporting station. Requests can also retrieve data for radar readings previous to the current one.
 The Solar Energy Mining (SOLEMI) service provides measures of solar energy available at locations across Europe and Africa, along with selected parts of Asia, Australia, and South America. Measures of solar irradiance data are derived from images taken by Meteosat satellites over the period 1991-2005 for locations in Europe and Africa and 1999-2006 for Asian locations. Measures are available for hourly increments with a spatial resolution of 2.5 km.
API methods support submission of a location and date range for which irradiance measures are desired. The API returns measures for global horizontal irradiance (GHI) and direct at normal incidence (DNI).
 The service provides a tool for estimating cost savings and environmental benefits from renewable energy system installations. It is available both via a customizable web interface and a SOAP API. It accepts inputs such as the location of a proposed system and its likely performance parameters such as technologies employed, specific models and numbers of equipment to be used, and similar project specifications.
API methods support analysis of project characteristics to generate estimates of economic benefits and environmental improvements. Specifications to be input include equipment, quantities, and costs as well as other relevant estimates such as natural gas prices, electric service rates, weather data source, and financing details. The API generates summaries of system cost and financial performance, expected utility bills and system cash flow, and power load along with reduction in emissions from conventional electricity generation.
 The service provides accumulated data about solar energy potential and weather relevant to solar energy production for specified locations. It helps to estimate the effectiveness of solar power installations, including photovoltaic (PV) technologies. A PVSimulator function provides analysis of aggregated data to project likely behavior of a PV system installed at a specified location. Data provide hourly readings recorded by weather satellites.
API methods support submission of a location specified as latitude and longitude to retrieve measures of solar irradiance, measured as direct normal irradiance (DNI), global horizontal irradiance (GHI), and diffuse horizontal irradiance (DIF). Related data provide measures of weather conditions such as cloud cover, precipitation, and temperature that can also affect solar power production.
 The service provides measures of solar energy available at specified locations on the earth's surface. Data give monthly mean values of solar irradiance measures for locations around the globe. Data reflect satellite observations and meteorological observations and analyses from U.S. government agencies, the National Center for Environmental Predictions (NCEP) and National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR). Separate observations are rationalized by data fusion techniques.
API methods support submission of a global location as latitude, longitude, and elevation. The API returns solar energy measures such as downwelling shortwave irradiance along with low, high, and average readings for air temperature and relative humidity.
 The service provides aggregated 3-day weather forecasts for several surface measurements of meteorological conditions, including wind speed and direction, barometric pressure, temperature, relative humidity, and precipitation. It also provides forecasts of solar irradiance. Estimates are updated every 3 hours. The data come from the National Centers for Environmental Prediction, part of the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
API methods support designation of a location by latitude, longitude, and elevation along with the types of weather observations desired. The API returns aggregated forecasts for the specific meterological measures at the requested location.
 The service provides a Digital Elevation Model (DEM) build from data representing terrain features as detected by the Shuttle Radar Tomography Mission (SRTM). Elevation affects the efficiency of solar energy collection, including photovoltaic (PV) electricity production. By modeling terrain features and elevation, the service helps to improve accuracy of estimates of solar energy production at a location.
API methods support specification of an area of interest (AOI), either a bounding box defined by mapped coordinates or a single location. Methods return high-accuracy elevation data for use in solar energy production estimates.
 The service provides a digital model of terrain elevation and slope based on a database of terrain features compiled by the EU-funded MESoR project. Elevation and slope affect the efficiency of solar energy collection and electricity generation via photovoltaic (PV) power plants. In addition to the data service, a mapping function allows for interactive consideration of sites for solar power plants.
API methods support designation of an area of interest as a mapped bounding box or specific location. Returned data provide mapping data to represent elevation, slope, and other topological features.
 The service provides estimates of reduction of efficiency of solar energy installations due to shadows cast by terrain and other objects at a location. Estimates are based on data collected during the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM), which created highly detailed images of surface topography. For a specified location, the service can project interference with solar irradiance by naturally occurring and constructed terrain features.
API methods support submission of a location's coordinates to receive an estimate of the relief shadow effect on solar resources there. Shadow effect is stated as a percentage of the day that solar irradiance will be blocked. Methods also provide esimates of global horizontal irradiance and direct normal irradiance under clear-sky conditions.
 The service provides estimates of solar energy potential for sites in Africa, the region surrounding the Mediterranean Sea, and the central part of the Atlantic Ocean. It refers to a database of solar radiation estimates based on images taken over a 20-year period by the Meteosat satellites. In addition to estimates of solar energy production, the data may provide useful input for climate studies.
API methods support submission of location coordinates to retrieve estimated values for solar irradiance there. Each request can specify either a single geographic point or multiple points. Separate services are available for the period 1985-2005 and 2004-2005.
 The service is provided by the U.S. National Water and Climate Center (NWCC), a division of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It gives access to the AWDB (air and water database) which documents measurements of soil, water, and climatic conditions. Datasets are compiled by automated systems for measuring snowpack and stations in the Soil Climate Analysis Network (SCAN). Other measurements of snow accumulation and available water supplies are also included, such as streamflow and reservoir levels.
API methods support queries against the AWDB datasets. Specific methods give access to resources like the SNOTEL (SNOw TELemetry) climate service, more general indexes of climate conditions, National Weather Service COOP stations, 30-year normal levels for some measures, etc.
 The service provides access to the database maintained by the New Zealand national government of climate information. Data come from weather condition readings over time logged by approximately 6500 climate stations operating at various times since 1850. Over 600 stations currently contribute data.
API methods supply both raw data and statistical summaries by station and for specific time periods. Raw data provide readings on key climatic measures with several frequencies: 10 minutes, hourly, and daily. Summary statistics aggregate readings by month and year and calculate estimates of normal levels for six readings over 30-year spans.
 El Guille is a website offering articles and tutorials on programming with Visual Basic, C#, ASP.NET, XAML, and other languages. The Conversor API provided by el Guille enables users to convert temperatures between Celsius and Fahrenheit. This service uses SOAP calls issued in XML format. The website and API documentation are provided exclusively in Spanish.
 The service provides functions for visualizing data about the effectiveness of meteorological models to help evaluate their predictive success. A web-based tool plots measures of model accuracy using functions of the R statistical package. The web service generates XML serializations specifying each data plot, along with supporting resources to enable visual display.
API methods support listing of available meteorological databases, forecast variables they store, and values for those variables from a selected database. Methods allow iteration for a range of selected databases, variables, and data values to generate a specification for a data plot to be generated by the visualization service.
 Previmeteo is a weather forecasting service. The site offers local and regional forecasts, weather maps, satellite images, a weather dashboard widget, XML data, weather alerts by SMS, fax or emails and more. The API gives users an alternative to the since deprecated Google Weather API. It offers the same functionality as the Google Weather API but connects to the Previmeteo weather forecasting service. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
lter-climdb/hydrodb didn't extract the description
 The service provides access to data from North Carolina's Climate Retrieval and Observation Network of the Southeast (CRONOS), a record collected and maintained by the state of weather observation data from the surrounding region. It is intended to eliminate concerns with database structure and query syntax needed to interact with the database directly. Instead it provides URL-based access to particular chunks of data.
API methods support retrieval of weather observation data in plain text for a specified collection station and date range. Methods also allow specification of observation intervals desired -- minute-by-minute, hourly, or daily -- and application of quality control checks.
sigimera didn't extract the description
 The service provides frequently updated reports of snow conditions, including new snowfall and related weather events, for ski resorts worldwide. It also provides information about resort facilities and activities useful for winter sports enthusiasts and vacation travel planners.
API methods support specification of a location or region to receive listings of ski resorts nearby and retrieval of existing and new snow reported by those facilities. Methods also support retrieval of resort profiles, photos and images, and special deals or promotions offered.
 The RestFul Web Services Weather Forecast API provides the weather forecast for a given location, specified by name. This service can be accessed using either REST or SOAP calls in XML format. Both types of calls are aimed at WSDL endpoints.
 The service provides download access to data from the Space Environment Monitory (SEM) service from the National Geophysical Data Center (NGDC) of the U.S. National Atmospheric and Oceanic Administration (NOAA). Available data include lists of locations monitored by the service, metadata about the locations, and actual satellite monitoring data. Applications can import SEM data for further analysis and processing.
API methods support retrieval of descriptions of the data structure provided by SEM, including field names, descriptions, data formats, minimum and maximum values, etc. Methods also support retrieval of the monitoring data itself, giving the specific satellite and time-stamped sensor readings. The API gives access to specifications for the locations monitored, as well.
 The CORDC HFRADAR Maps API by the UC San Diego provides access to data for high-frequency radar (HFRADAR) vectors to be incorporated with mapping applications based on the Google Maps API. Data come from buoy sensors maintained by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). The service provides access to input from this network, formatted to display on Google Maps.
API methods support specification of location and time frame, along with many other variables relevant to displaying the data as map images. Specifications provide control of image zoom, opacity, and color scale, for example. Resulting images show conditions detected by weather radar at a wide range of resolutions for coastal locations monitored by NOAA.
 The CORDC COAMPS Winds Model by the UC San Diego provides current estimates of wind conditions for locations along and near U.S. coastlines. For a specified location, it reports both current and forecasted values for wind speed and direction, along with related weather conditions such as barometric pressure, temperature, sea level and pressure, etc.
API methods support retrieval of wind data for a location specified by either latitude and longitude or geographic boundaries. Methods also provide general meteorological data for ocean conditions, atmospheric pressure, ambient temperature, and related values.
CORDC stands for the service from the U.S. Coastal Observing Research and Development Center.
 The TideSpy API supplies users with tide heights, timezone info, wind, and moon/sun data to users through an HTTP request. The data is returned in JSON format. The full documentation is available after registration, and a small monthly fee is charged for you of the API.
 The SpitCast API allows users to access SpitCasts surf prediction algorithm. The API uses the REST protocol and returns JSON surf predictions. The service provides surf data for regions along the California coast. To see example uses visit the SpitCast API home page.
 The main purpose of the European Organisation for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites (EUMETSAT) is to make available weather- and climate-related satellite data, images, and products. The EUMETSAT Product Navigator is a service that allows users to search through the available data products. The Product Navigator can be accessed using either a web interface or a SOAP API.
 The CDYNE Weather API allows users to retrieve weather information for U.S. cities. Users may either retrieve the current weather or a seven day forecast, both of which are updated hourly. The information is gathered from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's (NOAA) National Weather Service.
 Meteostone is a crowd-sourced network of local weather data and weather media information from around the world. All content is provided by users. The Meteostone API allows users to create their own weather applications or services using Meteostone weather data.
 The service provides access to data used in the provider's hurricane-information site, based on weather satellite input from the U.S. National Weather Service. It reports on status and location of all current, active hurricanes, tropical storms, and tropical depressions, over the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. It is intended to supply time-critical information about storms that threaten damage to the U.S. mainland, beginning when the NWS starts issuing warnings.
API methods support listing current storms, either hurricanes or tropical storms, and retrieving the location and status of any individual storm. Methods also support retrieval of forecasted changes in location and status.
 The service provides application-level access to weather data from the Norwegian Meteorological Institute related to both civil and military activities. It excludes access to some data provided by organizations other than the institute itself, as noted in product-specific documentation. The service provides forecasts and reports of observed conditions in either Norwegian or English, weather map images, and related information such as reports of volcanic activity and sunset/sunrise times.
API methods support retrieval of both text and audio forecasts by area within Norway, observation station reports, and supporting imagery such as maps and some satellite and radar images. Methods also provide reports of winds, tides, volcanic activity, UV index, and other ancillary information.
 The Dark Sky API integrates weather predictions into applications via JSON & REST protocol. API methods are available for Current conditions. Minute-by-minute forecasts out to 1 hour. Hour-by-hour forecasts out to 48 hours and Day-by-day forecasts out to 7 days. The Dark Sky API allows you to look up the current or historical weather anywhere on the globe. The forecasts are available in multiple languages. First 1,000 API calls are available at no cost, following with a fee of $0.0001 for each call after.
 The service provides access to weather and climate datasets, including 3-hour and daily forecasts for 5000 UK locations and actual recorded observations of weather events from the previous 24 hours. The service can provide data for individual sites or for all sites for which observations and forecasts are made. Additional functions provide listings of sites and reporting capabilities.
API methods support requests for either 3-hour or daily forecasts by site or for all sites during specified time periods. Methods also accept requests for weather observations with similar site and time parameters.
 The service provides search against the digital repository of the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research, part of the National Center of Atmospheric Research. The service can deliver resources based on free-text search or field-specific (advanced) search. Results can be sorted by relevance or by combinations of field-value filters, and limitations can be applied by date range, collection, or geographic location.
API methods support submission of a query as free text or targeted to specific fields in the item description index. Methods also allow specification of a collection to retrieve only items contained in that subset. The API also allows submission of date range and geographic filters and specification of result ordering criteria.
 Tenki is the website of the Japan Weather Association. The Tenki API provides users with weather information such as the forecast, UV and pollen information, umbrella index and more. This data can be integrated with a user's web site or application. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 API providing degree days for locations worldwide. It calculates heating degree days and cooling degree days in Celsius or Fahrenheit, to any base temperature, and in a range of breakdowns such as daily, weekly, monthly, yearly, and multi-year average. Data can be fetched by weather station ID or by postal/zip code or longitude/latitude position anywhere in the world.
 The World Bank Climate Change Knowledge Portal offers information, reports, and data about climate and climate change.
The World Bank Climate API allows developers to access and integrate the data from the Climate Change Knowledge Portal with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching and returning climate data points, such as average temperatures and rainfalls and changes in averages and by countries.
 The service gathers data from multiple sensor networks and public reports to generate forecasts of earthquake and seismic hazards. It does not aim to predict specific events but rather to generate probabilistic forecasts of risk based on event probability and likely damage, should those events occur. Its goal is to aid in preparation for natural catastrophes that can be anticipated.
API methods support submission of a location for which to generate a forecast along with a radius around that point, a timeframe, and a magnitude threshold. The service returns a forecast of the hazard that an earthquake above the stated threshold will occur within the radius around the stated location within the timeframe specified.
 This API is the CO-OPS Implementation of IOOS (Integrated Ocean Observation System) SOS (Sensor Observation Service). IOOS is an online tool that allows users to access information on oceanic, coastal, and Great Lakes environments collected from sources that can include NOAA and other federal agencies, the IOOS Regional Associations, and potentially other national or international organizations.
With the IOOS SOS API, users can retrieve data on currents, water levels (preliminary, verified, and predicted), meteorology, water conditions, wave harmonics, sensors, and stations via HTTP GET/POST.
 The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) installs, operates, and maintains an extensive automated system to collect snowpack and related climatic data in the Western United States called SNOTEL (for SNOwpack TELemetry). The SNOTEL API provides SOAP-based access to data collected by this system.
 The National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) North American Mesoscale (NAM) Model retrieves and analyzes data taken from across the continental U.S. to make predictions about future weather conditions. Data used by this model comes from the Advanced Weather Interactive Processing System (AWIPS). The SOAP API for accessing the NCEP NAM functionality is provided by CUAHSI Hydrologic Information System (HIS).
 The service provides access to historical data, images, and descriptive metadata about solar terrestrial physics. It is intended to enable generation of space environment models and forecasts describing solar flares and events plus other features of weather in space via unified web-based access to a distributed database network and Java middle-ware servers.
API methods support retrieval of data and metadata, specified by format and date range. Methods also support image plotting with specification of parameters like image width and height, scale and data labels, colors, date range of data to plot, etc.
australian-bureau-of-meteorology didn't extract the description
 The service provides access to the Norwegian Meteorological Institute's database of weather and climate data for Norway and the region. Applications can retrieve reported data from current and past weather stations and from other institutions that have provided reports and allow distribution of their data. Services range from basic data listings to sophisticated analysis tools and report formats.
API methods support data retrieval with two levels of detail, standard and complete, plus graphing of data as frequency distributions, monthly summaries, trend indicators, and by reporting station. Data include temperature, pressure, and humidity readings for a specific time period, as time series, and by reporting station.
united-nations-swera didn't extract the description
 The service consolidates global weather information from multiple sources for standardized access via a single XML interface. Applications can retrieve current weather forecast information for most locations in the world via an adaptation of the Global Forecast System numeric weather model. Created to meet needs of flight planning, the service also supports forecasting needs for land transportation, agriculture, and other applications.
API methods return current temperature, winds aloft, and other general weather information for a specified location, along with forecasted weather conditions and charts. Methods also provide descriptions of terrain and altitude, as well as archives of past weather conditions for a given time and location.
 The service provides reports of known delays and other airport status from the FAA's Air Traffic Control System Command Center (ATCSCC). It also returns current weather reports from NOAA for the airport.
Methods accept an IATA airport code and return a status message, reason for any flight delays, and average length of delays. Return data also includes the current weather forecast for the airport with update time local to that location.
 Free API for delivery of XML and JSON weather feeds for global locations specified by latitude/longitude, Postcode, or Zipcode. Options include current weather condition and 2-day forecast information for multiple global locations, 7-day forecast information for any single global location, and snow report data (where available) plus 6-day forecast information for any single ski resort or mountain location.
 The Government of Singapore offers an online data catalogue at data.gov.sg for data from dozens of government agencies. A number of APIs are available including APIs for maps (wireless hotspots, family services, performing arts centers, monuments, waste disposal sites, parks, hotels, tourist attractions, etc.); traffic (incidents, images, road conditions, parking availability, etc.); tourism (events, places, hotels, etc.); environment (weather conditions, vehicle and appliance pollution datasets, etc.); and library data feeds (eBook catalogues, library programs and locations, new item search, catalogue search, etc.). APIs are RESTful, JavaScript, and ESRI.
 This API provides users with the forecast for next five days. It has only one method where users can get a forecast given their location. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Zypr is an application with an API that is designed to work across a variety of platforms, including mobiles, web applications, and other electronic devices. Zypr's API collects numerous APIs, like Facebook, Twitter, weather APIs, and Amazon, categorizes them based on function, and turns those APIs into one API.
Zypr's API, like Apple's Siri, allows developers to write voice activated commands for integration into other applications. Some example API methods include adding appointments to calendars, posting on Facebook or Twitter, and checking weather.
 Met Office (formerly Meteorological Office) is the United Kingdom's national weather service. Met Office provides shipping, weather, flood, air quality, and seasonal forecasts and advisories, as well as the Weather Observations Website (WOW). WOW is an interactive service for viewing measurements such as temperature, wind speed/direction, snowfall, photos, and more. Registered users can upload data to WOW, providing detailed, site-specific observations, and an API is available for automatic and bulk uploads. The API can be used directly or through specific meteorology software.
 The Meteorological Assimilation Data Ingest System (MADIS) is a service of NOAA to collect, integrate, provide quality control for, and distribute meteorological data observations. MADIS includes data provided by NOAA, as well as other international, federal, state, and local agencies; universities; volunteers; and the private sector.
The MADIS API is used via Fortran utility programs.
 Brighter Planet fetches, corrects, and parses dozens of datasets daily to inform its emission calculation service. This data is presented for public use as a service to the community. Additional datasets are posted regularly. Brighter Planet delivers cloud-based web services providing on-demand carbon information for a fraction of a cent per query, meant for enhancing existing operational data with environmental intelligence that matters. The API uses RESTful or Taps protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON, CSV or SQL.
 Make point forecast queries based on coordinates or location name. Foreca Weather API delivers real-time calculated weather forecasts and closest observations to every coordinate point in the world. The interface is ideal for integrating weather information into mobile apps and weather media websites.
The standard API can be customised with the following add-on data sets: Weather Maps, Weather Warnings data, Weather History data, Ski Resort Information data, Weather Notifications and Climate Data.
 Place radar, satellite, temperature images over Google and Bing Maps. The WeatherBug GEO API returns the images in tiled format, for use in overlays with existing map tiles.
marine/surfing-weather didn't extract the description
 3TIER's API enables you to integrate our scientifically derived, global wind and solar resource data into your own internal applications and customer experiences. You can use the API to build revenue-generating applications and mash-ups including: » Web-based lead generation programs » Internal and customer-facing sales tools » Product selection tools » Project design and financial modeling tools
The API accesses 3TIER's global data using simple REST calls. It is an open, standards based, XML programming interface. To make integration simple and quick, 3TIER provides detailed developer documentation, programming examples, and sample code.
For more information, please visit: [[http://www.3tier.com/en/package_detail/prospecting-wind-api/ www.3tier.com]].
 Send us data, we send back the forecasts. Best suited for sales forecasts (inventory optimization) and call volume forecasts (staffing optimization). Lokad is based in Paris, France. Our philosophy is to deliver a state-of-the-art forecasting technology at a price one order of magnitude lower than that offered by traditional vendors.
 The Foursquare Places API provides location based experiences with diverse information about venues, users, photos, and check-ins. The API supports real time access to places, Snap-to-Place that assigns users to specific locations, and Geo-tag. Additionally, Foursquare allows developers to build audience segments for analysis and measurement. JSON is the preferred response format.
 Instagram is a photo sharing iPhone app and service. Users take photos and can share them with Instagram contacts, as well as friends on other social networks like Twitter and Facebook. The Instagram API provides access to user authentication, friend connections, photos and all the other elements of the iPhone app--including uploading new media.
 A simple REST web service to access the iTunes App Store and iTunes Connect data. Get information about apps, reviews, ratings, ranking, iTunes Connect sales data and more.
 Evernote makes it easy to remember things big and small from your notable life using your computer, phone, and the web.
Evernote's web service API provides secure access for your applications using the same network communications that are used by Evernote's own client software, including the ability to create, read, update and delete notes, notebooks and tags.
Third party integrations are a critical part of the Evernote ecosystem and are heavily promoted via the [[https://appcenter.evernote.com/ App Center]] and [[http://blog.evernote.com/category/friends_partners/ company blog]].
 MapLarge offers an API to embed interactive maps on a website, blog or news story. MapLarge is the creator of some of the largest Google Maps implementations on the Internet. MapLarge uses patent pending methods to create simple map visualizations from complex data. With the API users can geocode upto 2,000 records daily for free. Datasets mapped with the geocoder can be mapped on top of Google Maps, Bing, ESRI or Open Street Maps. The API uses RESTful protocol.
 Thrutu is an application that lets users access real-time features while making calls on their Android phones. These features can be used to share information and media while on a call. The Thrutu API enables developers to build new features or integrate existing applications with its platform. The API uses JavaScript protocol and is currently in Beta.
 The Moby API allows you to post photos and other content to their website and access that content from anywhere in the world. The API supports both posting and reading of images.
 Photo sharing mobile application picplz has a new API that has entered beta. The service provides read/write access to the picplz platform for sharing and editing photos. Developers can upload photos and use filter effects including "Instant Film," "Russian Toy Camera," "the 70s" and "High Contrast Monochrome." The API also provides read access to others' photos. Like its mobile apps, the API likely lets you add a caption and tag your location.
 The Clickatell HTTP API offers simple, versatile internet connectivity to the Clickatell service and is one of seven SMS APIs offered. It allows you to send SMS messages around the world to your clients, staff or user-database. All the APIs support text, Unicode, binary SMS and flash messaging. This can be used either in the form of an HTTP POST or GET and includes Text, Flash, Unicode and 8-bit SMS messaging. Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries. Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering complete customization and personalization allowing the client to define the Sender ID and message content.
 Telegram, the cloud-based service that offers messaging services to share text, photos, and videos, now offers the Telegram Bot API. This service allows to integrate bots with AI applications in mind. What Telegram means by AI includes teaching, broadcasting, and connecting features into software components. The API was created in HTTP interface to authorize with token. See more at https://core.telegram.org/bots/api
 The Google Maps Geolocation API provides developers with tools and documentation for incorporating geolocation with mobile and WiFi technologies. The Geolocation API specifically returns a location and accuracy radius based on the information of cell towers and WiFi nodes that can then be detected by the mobile client.
 Pushover Message is a service for sending real-time notifications to Android and iOS devices. A simple REST API allows users to send messages to Pushover from their applications. Those messages are then sent to devices running Pushover's device clients. This service has no monthly fees or message limits.
 Geoloqi is a platform for private, real-time mobile location. The service stores locations and allows you to create Geonotes, receive proximal notification and optionally share real-time GPS maps with friends. The API provides access to all aspects of the platform, such as locations, accounts and layers.
 Layar is augmented reality application on your mobile phone which shows what is around you by displaying real time digital information on top of reality though the camera of your mobile phone. Content Layers are the equivalent of web pages in normal browsers. A layer is the digital view that is added to the camera view.
The Layar API allows developers to create new layers. A layer consists of three parts: The layer definition, the list of POIs (Points of Interest) and each individual POI.
 The WhatsApp Business API provides a way for businesses to interact with and reach customers all over the world. It powers communication with customers to connect with them on WhatsApp using end-to-end encryption. This enables messages and calls with security that allows only you and the person you're communicating with to read or listen. This API uses a REST API architecture with JSON data formats that follows standard HTTP request and response. WhatsApp Messenger is an SMS replacement application.
 The SMS API aims to provide a SMS communication to existing applications. This REST interface uses the SMPP protocol to send messages between entities. SMSAPI offers bulk services, email SMS, 5 second delivery, and global support of over 800 mobile providers in 200 countries.
 The Business Mapping API by Facebook is useful for businesses that are operating several Facebook Apps and require the user ID to be the same between them. This is a common procedure for games studios that need to support cross platform or fraud detection. In these cases, businesses may require that the user's ID be identical between apps. The Business Mapping API has 3 main methods which can be used to map the same user across multiple apps.
 Recognize.IM is an image recognition platform for mobile applications and photos. Users can connect their images from various online and mobile applications with Recognize.IM.
The Recognize.IM Image Recognition API allows developers to access and integrate the Recognize.IM functionality with other applications and to build new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving photos, and processing photos.
 CloudMine is a backend-as-a-service platform that removes the need for mobile app developers to build fully custom backend solutions for their applications. It offers a set of RESTful APIs that allows developers to create backend solutions for their applications. Solutions include schema-free data structure storage, user account creation and management, and server-side business logic. Responses are formatted in JSON.
 Go Processing offers solutions to support online payment through mobile devices. Their API allows users to recharge mobile phones, DTH and data cards in India for more than 14 service providers. API calls include service data request, service transaction request, transaction status and support request. The API uses RESTful calls and responses can be formatted in XML, JSON and HTML.
 Mogreet is a SMS/MMS marketing service focusing on the delivery of high quality video, audio and images. Mogreet clients can create, manage, and track their text message marketing campaigns through Mogreet's platform and customer relationship manager (CRM).
Mogreet's APIs enable developers easily send SMS or MMS messages (for only $0.01 per send) and add SMS, Video, rich media messaging to apps. Some example API methods include sending blasts to lists, managing content, and add and delete users from their mobile marketing lists.
 Your application can use the Mobile Phone Megastore API to search for mobile phones. Partners and other developers can then publish this information on their websites.
The main benefits of the mobile phone API Web Service is that you can access just the data you require without downloading the entire product database. This allows you to easily publish the data on your website needing to separately process the XML.
 Mixpanel is a web service that tracks user engagement with their websites in real-time. The Mixpanel API allows users to post and access the data that Mixpanel is analyzing. This is a RESTful API and responses are returned in JSON format.
 Process and analyze input media images or video content using the PixLab Rest API. It uses built-in HTTP capabilities for passing parameters and authentication that responds with standard HTTP response codes. It allows you to process, transform and filter any images from any programming language with machine vision and deep learning APIs. The API returns JSON by default or BLOB Image Content on demand, with results for Image Processing, Machine Vision and Media Analysis. This includes; facedetect, tagimg, facelookup, encrypt, decrypt and more. PixLab provides media storage with scalable and unified RESTful APIs for media analysis and processing tasks.
 The Google Maps Android API allows developers to add maps to their applications based on Google Maps data. The API automatically takes care of accessing the Google Maps servers, downloading data, displaying maps, and responding to map gestures. The API allows users to add markers, polylines, polygons, ground overlays, and tile overlays to maps. Google is a technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products that includes online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, software, and hardware.
the-beacon-registry didn't extract the description
 Mist.io aggregates a user's cloud servers to help them monitor status and activity with a single unified interface. Mist.io displays real time analytics and visualizations of system metrics, and offers the ability to create, manage, and edit existing servers and accounts with quality security measures. The service is compatible with Amazon Web Services, Rackspace, DigitalOcean, Google Cloud Platform, and additional major server providers. Aside from their mobile & web interfaces, developers may also extend site functionalities into 3rd party applications via the Mist.io RESTful API.
 Open Garden is a service that allows users to share internet and connect all of their devices and increase the speed of internet on their devices without having to change settings. The Open Garden API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Open Garden with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email contact@opengarden.com for more information.
macy&#039;s-mobile-utility-services didn't extract the description
 Vine is a service for mobile devices that allows users to create and share very short (6 seconds or less) looping videos. When a user publishes a video to Vine, it will appear in their profile and in the timelines of their followers. Videos can also be posted to Twitter and Facebook. The Vine API allows users to retrieve data from the service, including popular videos, user data, a user's timeline, videos matching a given tag, individual posts, and notifications.
 Targeted towards retail and hospitality businesses, Kounta is scalable, cloud-based point of sale platform. The Kounta POS service can be securely accessed on any device at anytime across a range of channels including online, in-store and mobile.
Kounta offers a RESTful API for the easy integration of Kounta services with third-party applications. Example methods include customers, companies, orders, registers, payments, products, staff, and much more. Both JSON and XML data types are supported.
copycom didn't extract the description
 CampBX is a platform where you can buy and sell Bitcoins in real-time from other CampBX users. Your buy or sell orders are matched against a parametrized database of other orders. If a perfect match is found, a Bitcoin-to-USD trade is executed instantly. If there are no matching orders at the price you specified, then your order can remain open for up to 31 days. To maintain fairness in trading, we have taken a purely-platform approach and CampBX is never a counter-party to any trade. Our platform was designed with stability and security as top priorities, and we became the first Bitcoin website to obtain Payment Card Industry (PCI) certification and the McAfee Secure seal of confidence on June 28th, 2011. When you open an account on CampBX, all of the following features are available to you to ensure that you have a productive experience on our platform: ­ ­ • Daily security scans and certification by McAfee Secure • Quick Buy/Sell and Spend-X trades available for new traders • Advanced trading options with AON/FOK/Incremental Fills • Market Price and Limit Price Orders • STOPLOSS and Short-Selling available soon • Stoploss / Custom Order Expiry Date/Time • Trading API available • Wallet API available • SMS (Text Message) Notifications • Two-Factor Authentication • Professional third-party security audits • Frequent & encrypted back-ups • A comprehensive disaster recovery plan • Based in Atlanta, USA
 This API has been developed by Gleb Popov for the Hacker News Droid app, but it is also being used by iOS, Android, and MobileWeb apps. The API is built in Python and makes use of the Hacker News Search API as well as data scraping. The Hacker News Droid App API can be used to retrieve homepage news, Ask HN content, or the newest or best posts. It can also retrieve submissions by user, or comments and data by Post ID.
 Cloud CMS is a cloud content management system that provides a Content API to create, manage and publish JSON and binary content to your mobile and web applications. The API provides RESTful and bulk transactional support for all data stores and objects within Cloud CMS, including CRUD, query, full-text search and a diversity of functions. Server authorization is via OAuth2 with all supported flows (password, auth code, implicit, etc). Authenticated access checks against all objects featuring role and team-based security.
Cloud CMS provides one-click infrastructure for all of the needs of our mobile and web applications. This includes Enterprise Content Management services like workflow, auditing, content lifecycle management, mimetype transformations and extractions and more.
Cloud CMS also provides multi-tenancy for managing domains of users and groups, vaults for backup and restore, registrars for integrated billing of subtenants, directories for identity services and data warehouses for real-time analytics capture and reporting.
 Trumpia offers full REST and HTTP APIs, built for reliability and scalability, so you can seamlessly integrate all of our industry-leading messaging and marketing into your system. Access the most complete cross-channel messaging platform with the most promotional features in the market all through the system you use now. Trumpia’s API package features transparent pricing, and boasts exceptionally high throughput rates, allowing up to 200 texts per second.
 TestFlight is a mobile app testing service. It provides space for testing and tools for analyzing trial use. Developers first upload their SDKs. Then, TestFlight distributes them to the developersâ€™ testers and analyzes usage for performance reports. Their Upload API allows developers to streamline the development process by incorporating the SDK upload into their workflow. It is a RESTful API that provides responses in XML, JSON, and PLIST.
 The service manages configuration of Over-the-Air (OTA) communication settings for interaction with mobile devices, including WAP (Wireless Application Protocol), IAP(Internet Access Point) and MMS (MMS Access Point). It manages the multitude of device-specific variables needed to provide user access to advanced online, media, and data services.
API methods support determination of device brand and model as well as user-specific settings. Methods also load settings to devices to enable application functions and provide access to help resolve user installation of settings.
 The Landmark API allows mobile companies to use landmark data and allow their customers to consume location information in text format. It takes a user's current position expressed in latitude and longitude, and returns the closest landmarks. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON, KML, KMZ and CSV.
 The Infobip APIs allow for integration tools that aim to utilize Infobip products and services in a single place. Infobib has five different APIs; HTTP SMS API, Voice API, OMNI Channel API, Factor Authentication API, Number Lookup API and the Social Invites API. All APIs use REST standards, which enables browser based accessibility for URLs. The API intends to be able to work with all programming languages.
 Parse offers developers a backend-as-a-service platform for their mobile applications. Developers can use SDKs for both iOS and Android to persist data and more. The REST API lets developers interact with Parse from computers that aren't mobile devices. With the APIs developers can have their webserver show data from Parse on a website, upload large amounts of data that will later be consumed in a mobile app, download recent data to run their own custom analytics and more.
 The Localmind API allows developers to include the company's local conversation platform within your own applications. Search for nearby conversations, create new conversations and interact with current conversations at specific locations around the world.
The API is currently in beta and documentation is available upon request.
 The Geolocation API from Vodafone is part of a suite of JavaScript-based widget APIs that provide mobile web applications access to the underlying hardware. The Geolocation API provides access to the device's location, likely using GPS, cell towers or WiFi.
 Google AdMob API helps you monetize your mobile app through in-app advertising. The AdMob API allows you to access the campaign, sites and applications data in your AdMob account with a secure programmatic interface. You can build custom applications using the AdMob API to help better manage your mobile business. This API provides indirect access to corresponding C++, iOS, Android, and Unity SDKs.
 Notifoï¿½s API allows any site to quickly offer Push Notifications by inserting a few lines of code. This means that a user can get all of their notifications from various sources in a single place. Notifo is a platform for real-time mobile notifications across multiple sources. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
 The Dwolla API provides an interface to integrate the Dwolla payments platform into a software application. Dwolla provides white labeled bank transfer payment services that includes is a simple yet powerful API for ACH transfers.
The API provides developers with the functionality to transfer money to users, send mass payments, transfer money between users, facilitate bank verification and authorization, and retrieve transfer history. The RESTful API implements HATEOS and HAL, and responses are formatted in JSON.
 CitySourced is a real time mobile civic engagement tool. CitySourced provides 1) a free, simple, and intuitive tool empowering citizens to identify civic issues graffiti, trash, potholes etc.) and report them to city hall for quick resolution; 2) an opportunity for government to use technology to save money and be more accountable to those they govern; and 3) a positive, collaborative platform for real civic action. The platform is called CitySourced, as it empowers ordinary citizens to crowd source solutions for common civic issues. CitySourced is powered by FreedomSpeaks and it's APIs.
 Handset Detection is a real time, self updating, database of thousands of mobile phones. The RESTful API allows users to query the service with XML or JSON and retrieve information such as a list of vendors for all devices in the system. Libraries are available in PHP, Python, Java and ASP.NET.
 The Hummingbytes Interactive Information Gateway (IIG) API allows you to build custom alerts with responses. IIG is a voice, SMS, and email alerting system that can be used by businesses to send alerts to their customers.
 From their site: Create rich web-based, standalone or mobile voice applications and recreate a lot of TringMe’s functionality. For example, Social networking, Dating sites can easily integrate voice as a means of communication in innovative ways, VoIP providers can quickly deploy and offer their services using TringMe’s easy to use Adobe-Flash based web-phone or mobile devices enabled via cheap to use Mobile-VoIP, Game developers, virtual world creators can enable making phone calls from virtual world to real world and vice-versa.
 Note: Sign-up is required to view developer documentation. From their site: The GetMapping Imagery API for mobile devices will give developers access to Getmapping’s complete archive of aerial photography of Britain, at a variety of zoom levels up to 12.5 cms per pixel. Because of the increased clarity provided by the photography, mobile users will be able to see details on the ground as small as garden furniture and road markings anywhere in the country.
 [Editor's Note: This API is still available, but is unsupported.]
The Wigle API allows developers to query Wigle's online database of wireless access points. Wigle maps these points to provide a visualization of wireless coverage.
 The WeCashUp API ...
[Welcome to WeCashUp , the new way of accepting Mobile Money payments across Africa with one single integration. The WeCashUp API is based on the REST architecture and uses the conventional HTTP response codes to indicate responses returned by our API. Our architecture is highly secure, so to securely interact with the WECASHUP API, all our partners must also secure the way they use API resources. The API uses JSON data format for all responses. With WeCashUp API, you can do the following CRUD operations:
]
apple-app-store-ios-app-lookup didn't extract the description
 Celitech Bee API enables online businesses, web and mobile apps to add cellular data eSIM to their offerings. The proprietary eSIM API provides wireless data service that can be shared digitally (e.g. using activation or QR codes) and programmed by size, start/finish dates, speed, and location to support a wide variety of use cases. The service is US-hosted and provided using Tier 1 networks in the US (e.g. AT&T) and globally (e.g. Vodafone, Telefonica, Orange).
 This Reverse Geocoding API is the first to deliver administrative/non-administrative boundaries-based results. Hence, the API is perfectly suitable for determining locality areas such as a suburb, city, state or country, rather than a street address, resulting much faster response times and excellent support even for less populated areas.
bigdatacloud-reverse-geocoding-with-timezone didn't extract the description
 This API is specifically designed for iOS developers who require an active roaming status within their iOS applications.
This API works by comparing the IP Geolocation (based on the IP address) of the device against it's GPS position. If the user is detected as being physically outside of the country, as determined by their IP address, they are deemed to be roaming.
 The Syncplicity API is a REST service that supports XML or JSON for request and responses to access data that includes; the ability to search for files and folders, get a list of storage endpoints, create a publicly shared link and more. This API requires that you have a Syncplicity Enterprise Edition and developer sandbox account with authentication using OAuth 2.0 and security token. Syncplicity is an enterprise-grade online file sharing and mobile collaboration solutions.
 The BDApps Pro USSD API allows developers to initiate USSD (Unstructured Supplementary Service Data) sessions in their applications and to send USSD messages to a mobile phone from an application.
BDApps is an application development platform that provides Robi network tools for monetization and messaging. BDApps is based in Bangladesh.
 The Rapyd Wallet API provides services to; create a Rapyd Wallet, change or modify a Rapyd Wallet, retrieve the details of a Rapyd Wallet and more. Rapyd Payments provides a way to manage transactions in the Rapyd Payments service. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 The ZenSports API is programmatic access to ZenSports services that allow you to; retrieve data about ZenSports balances, retrieves data about supported currencies, retrieves a list of orders, accepts a specific bet and more. Requests to the API require a token as authentication to access services for; Funds and Transactions, Betting, Countries, SPORTS Exchange and others. ZenSports is Peer-to-Peer mobile sports betting globally.
 Sonect enables a "virtual ATM" in third parties. Sonect makes it easy to send money to friends or partner shops using a PCI DSS compliant payment processor. A fee per cash withdrawal. The Sonect platform is supervised by Switzerland's Financial Services Standards Association (VQF), and in the EU, Sonect has an E-Money Institution License (EMI) from the Bank of Lithuania.
 This is an indirect API that is accessible via the Incognia Location Behavioral Biometric SDK. It is a location technology to understand user behavior and location patterns based on network signals. It allows you to detect physical places visited by users, with data collected that is anonymized with hash and encryption techniques. It provides a way to use location behavior for identity verification and authentication, send hyper contextualized push campaigns and more. Incognia builds services to create a ubiquitous private identity that is based on location behavior, and enables a personalized frictionless experience with mobile applications and connected devices.
 App developers know how time consuming it is to implement In-App purchases the right way their IOS/Android mobile application, we've been there!
At IAPHUB we develop the tools for these folks to spend their precious time on their app instead.
Receipt validation, Customer details, Webhooks, Analytics, A/B Testing, Product segmentation! We have all the tools to start increasing your sales.
Give it a try! It has never been easier to validate IAP receipts using IAPHUB's API.
 VRTCAL enables advertising technologies in mobile applications. VRTCAL delivers ads to audiences which are specific to content and targeted users. The API allows developers to improve targeting and improve their effective cost per mille by specifying several parameters including geocountry, gender, keywords, and domain. The API returns JSON formatted responses.
localz-click&collect didn't extract the description
 MedicsenAPI delivers the predicted future glucose levels of a diabetic patient for the next 120 minutes, based on information received from continuous glucose monitors, food intake, exercise and/or insulin administration. It allows to analyze how changes in patient´s behavior affect glucose levels and thus, customize recommendations to suit their needs.
 The Campaign Management API integrates ad accounts, channels, and events with third parties. Tenjin enables marketing capabilities designed for mobile. Tenjin features analytics, automated aggregation, source tracking, event insights, and data visualization. The API requires Access Tokens for authentication.
 LaunchKey Webhooks enables event-based real-time communications in third-party applications connected to Launchkey's multi-factor authentication platform. The API supports authorization, session, and device link completion events. LaunchKey provides authentication through physical authentication over paired devices, as well as optional geofencing and device-stored PINs.
 PubNub is a Push technology intended specifically for high-message-volume applications and games. It is a cloud-based, real-time messaging service for mobile phones, tablets, TVs, HTML5 web browsers and game consoles.
 The Kayzen Event API retrieves data to send in-app/ in-web/ in-ad events to Kayzen platform. With the API, advertisers can send specific events directly to Kayzen and use the audience segmentation feature to create and target different users.
 The Kayzen API retrieves advertising data for mobile marketers. It supports OAuth authentication to use a username and a password, providing an access token to make POST requests.
 This is indirect access to this service. Please refer to the corresponding SDK’s below. The Samsung Galaxy Device API allows you to integrate the Galaxy SDK with your mobile applications. It provides a way to connect accessory devices to Samsung smart devices, control-based hardware, convenient smart modes, access specialized widgets, service components and others. This includes services for; Edge Look, Design for Foldables, Accessory, Camera, Sensor Extension, S Pen Remote and more. Samsung Electronics is IT and Mobile Communications, Consumer Electronics and Device Solutions.
 SophosLabs Intelix is a cloud-based threat intelligence and threat analysis platform, enabling programmers to directly tap into the technology behind SophosLabs through a suite of RESTful APIs.
Android APK lookup gives you a fast and easy way to determine if the Android App is malicious or unwanted, so you can block, quarantine or remove them.
SophosLabs is a global network of analysts that are dedicated to protecting customers from known and emerging malware, ransomware, exploits and more. Sophos provides cybersecurity evolved next generation AI-powered endpoint, network and cloud security.
 The Xapix API retrieves mobility data for monetization purposes. Developers can work with the API in REST architecture, authenticate with API token, and make API calls. They can implement organization and project verbs including create, edit, add, and delete.
 The App Ape's API reveals a correlation between mobile app monthly active users (MAU) and corporate performance of private, pre-IPO, and public companies. App Ape solution offers indicators regarding user activity, demographics, installs, and possession numbers for any iOS/Android app. The API targets mobile apps usage with algorithms in REST API format for alternative asset managers, quant funds, and consultants. It aims to provide relevant datasets to make accurate investment decisions across private and public markets.
 AppLovin enables developers to acquire new users, gain detailed insights, and monetize their games. The AppLovin Basic Reporting API returns campaign data to publishers and advertisers in JSON or CSV format. AppLovin offers growth engine, advertising tools, and publishing support. The AppLovin API features REST architecture, and requires API Keys for authentication.
 The BidSwitch Creative Approval API retrieves data to approve creative services of buyers and suppliers. Creative version objects include approved, submitted, and unverified values. BidSwitch provides infrastructure for programmatic advertising bidding services.
 The BidSwitch Ads.txt API retrieves ads.txt information with domains mapping, domains valid, and domains invalid. A CSV file will return one file with all of the information and the .json file will contain 10 results. BidSwitch provides infrastructure for programmatic advertising bidding services.
 Zello enables push-to-talk (PTT) capabilities in applications. Unlike traditional walkie talkie radios, Zello has no limits on channels and users. The Zello API is used to embed channels into any application, and create ad-hoc conversations on the fly. The API supports anonymous accounts, streaming voice messages, sending images, and sending locations.
 The Share to TikTok API is a Mobile SDK integration that allows you to add a "Share to TikTok" button to your applications. It provides a way to share short-form videos with the TikTok community. This is indirect access to this service. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. TikTok for Developers supports services to build tools for creators and communities.
bidswitch-deals-for-buyers didn't extract the description
bidswitch-deals-for-suppliers didn't extract the description
 The FedaPay API retrieves mobile payment data including checkout, transactions, refunds, payment requests, payouts, currencies, and payment methods. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will display JSON formats in return. FedaPay is a payments service headquartered in Republic of Benin, West Africa.
 The Ooredoo Platform API provides miscellaneous store locations, the ability to find contact details and addresses for a business near you and more. This includes services for Store Locations, Directory Search and others. Ooredoo is a communications and mobile technology provider based in Qatar.
 Fritz allows mobile applications to see, hear, sense, and think with a proprietary machine learning platform. Fritz features object detection, image labeling, image segmentation, and pose estimation. Fritz is an on-device machine learning platform (as opposed to cloud-based) that is scalable, secure, and available offline even on airplane mode. This API provides indirect access for SDKs.
 The Amplitude Dashboard API returns chart results, user sessions, funnel analysis, real-time active users, and annotations data. Developers can use an API Key to authenticate and make calls that will display JSON formats un return. Amplitude provides product analysis for converting and retaining users.
 The Webkey API allows running an Android device from a browser. Webkey provides a screen stream of an Android device on a computer aiming to be useful in POS systems (remote management of cashier, terminal, and digital scales), digital warehousing (maintaining bar code scanners, tablets, and wearable devices), IT management and entertainment (digital kiosks and set-top boxes), and education (managing educational content on classroom tablets). Developers can use API Key to authenticate and POST and GET verbs to make API requests for tasks, operations, devices, and account management.
 The Kayzen Audience API enables users to create and edit audiences for targeted marketing in mobile apps and games. With the API, developers can create an audience on Kayzen platform. Kayzen Audience returns an audience id to manage device IDs associated with the audience. Kayzen is a mobile marketing and ad service.
 The Kayzen Reporting API retrieves data to create a new report, update an existing report, list reports, report results, show reports, and delete reports. Kayzen API supports standard OAuth with password grant type. Kayzen is a mobile marketing and ad network.
 The BidSwitch API retrieves data to interconnect media in video, mobile, and visual display forms. Developers can authenticate with a token to make calls that return JSON formats. Resources include ads, sellers, reports, case studies and fact sheets, impression delivery, tracking, invoice, and private marketplaces. BidSwitch provides infrastructure for programmatic advertising bidding services.
 The Singapore National Digital Identity Trusted Services API allows users to use their NDI digital identity for a digital signature. MyInfo provides support for citizens and residents to manage personal data for online transactions. Singapore’s National Digital Identity services enables you with access that integrate applications to digital identity data. Gov.sg provides the latest policy announcements, information and news on Singapore.
 The Singapore National Digital Identity Client Notification Webhook provides callbacks to receive digital identity data. Requests must be authenticated utilizing a bearer token. Singapore’s National Digital Identity services (including MyInfo) provides support for citizens and residents to manage personal data for online transactions. Gov.sg provides the latest policy announcements, information and news on Singapore.
 The IBM Acoustic Channel Consent API allows developers to get the consent value for a given database, channel, qualifier, lookup key, or destination. This may also include an external UID, such as customerid or loyaltyid.
This is one of several APIs used for integrating with the Mobile App Messaging Solution for IBM's Acoustic Campaign.
 The IBM Acoustic Establish Identity API allows developers to merge two sets of contact data into one contact. Merging also associates each merged device with a single contact, making it easy to send push notifications to all of an individual's registered devices at once.
This is one of several APIs used for integrating with the Mobile App Messaging Solution for IBM's Acoustic Campaign.
 This MTN Collection API allows you to request a payment from a consumer, get the status of a request to pay, Get the balance of the account and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
 This MTN Sandbox User Provisioning service allows you to create an API user in the sandbox target environment, create an API key for an API user in the sandbox target environment and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
ibm-acoustic-contact-by-channel didn't extract the description
 The IBM Acoustic Push to Device API allows developers to send notifications to a specific subset of devices. Devices can be filtered by Mobile User Id, Channel Id, and App Key.
This is one of several APIs used for integrating with the Mobile App Messaging Solution for IBM's Acoustic Campaign.
 This MTN Disbursements service allows you to create an access token, transfer an amount from the owner's account to a payee account, get the status of a transfer and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
 This MTN Remittance service is utilized with the Mobile Money API’s. It allows you to create an access token to authorize and authenticate other endpoints, transfer an amount from an own account to a payee account, Get the balance of the account and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
 The MTN Mobile Money API provides services that enable remote and automatic collection of bills fees and taxes. It allows you to automatically deposit funds to multiple users and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
 The mooSocial API provides a standard interface between a mooSocial community website and outside applications. JSON formats and OAuth authentication are available in this REST API. This API is available as a product plugin, and supports all mooSocial Core plugins (Blogs,Topics,Events,…) , Core functions (Notification,Message,Share,Search,…) and Bookmarks. It does not currently support payments.
square-point-of-sale didn't extract the description
iot-programmable-sim---jpu didn't extract the description
 Melrose Labs Voice Gateway API enables interaction through voice; from inbound and outbound call termination, to bridging between voice and other communication channels and applications. With Voice Gateway you can easily and effectively integrate voice into your systems. The API provides methods for allocating and listing numbers, speech to text, and text to speech functions.
 The Square Mobile Authorization API enables authorization tokens to initialize Square mobile. The Mobile Authorization API accepts an account credential such as OAuth token or Personal Access Token and location ID. It returns an authorization code that custom mobile applications initialize Square mobile solutions. This is indirect access to this service. Please refer to the corresponding Square Reader SDK below. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Happi QRCode Generator API enables users to generate a QR code as a base64 image. Get simple QR Codes and custom generation with colors with this API. Happi.Dev provides various APIs for developers and accepts PayPal or Bitcoin for payments.
square-in-app-payments-mobile didn't extract the description
 The Slybroadcast API provides access to the Mobilesphere/Slybroadcast ringless voicemail messaging platform to integrate third party providers. It supports data collection, data submission and audio file delivery to voicemail, to collect the audio file, the destination landline or mobile number(s) and the caller ID of the originating number. All requests must be submitted as a form using the POST method. Example calls are available in cURL, JQuery, Ruby, Python, Node, PHP and Go. Slybroadcast provides voicemail delivery technology to send a voice mail directly to the voicemail boxes of mobile phones.
 The Verizon Connect API is a platform available by request to share billing, payroll, HR, maintenance, CRM, finance, health, and safety business software solutions. Developers can build customized connections between Verizon Connect and external applications, aiming to benefit the mobile workforce. Note: Verizon Connect platform now encompasses what was Telogis fleet management API. Developers interested in the Verizon Connect platform APIs need to contact the provider for more information.
 The IPinfo.io IP to carrier API returns JSON responses containing the probability that the specified IPs are being used exclusively for mobile carrier traffic. Responses include carrier name, and GSM network codes. This API supports JSONP responses which enable client-side specific requests. IPinfo.io also stores details for hosting providers and businesses. This API supports batch operations. IPinfo.io is a business data platform that supports over 500 million requests per day.
 The SMS DOVE API provides a way to send and receive text messages with an Android phone. It utilizes parameters for POST, Patch and GET with all HTTP requests requiring authentication using a Token. This API supports; SMS sending, SMS bulk sending, SMS sending status callback, SMS receiving callback and more.
 The Appdome Build REST API allows developers to automate building their mobile app, whether that app was uploaded via the REST API or the Appdome platform. This API makes it possible to automate deployment and CI/CD (continuous integration & continuous delivery) workflows. Developers will need an Ideal Appdome account, Appdome-DEV access, an API Token, an Application ID, and a Fusion Set ID.
Appdome is a service for adding mobile security, app-shielding, authentication, identity, mobility, analytics, and more to Android and iOS applications.
 The Appdome-DEV Build to Publish API allows developers to automate the build-to-publish life cycle of their mobile app. This API can be used to upload, Fuse, add Context, and sign an app.
Appdome is a service for adding mobile security, app-shielding, authentication, identity, mobility, analytics, and more to Android and iOS applications.
 The Appdome Upload REST API allows developers to automatically upload multiple apps at once to their Appdome accounts without having to use the Appdome site. Developers will need an Ideal Appdome account, Appdome-DEV access, and an API Token.
Appdome is a service for adding mobile security, app-shielding, authentication, identity, mobility, analytics, and more to Android and iOS applications.
 The Android Neural Networks service is an Android C API that allows you to run computational operations for machine learning on mobile devices. It enables you with the ability to access a base layer of functionality for high level machine learning frameworks that build and train neural networks including; TensorFlow Lite, Caffe2 and more. Android developers provides tools for Android handsets, Wearable OS by Google, Android TV, Android Auto, or Android Things.
 The Android NDK service allows developers to include native code in their Android application packages, that are compiled as JNI shared libraries. It is a set of tools that allows you to use C and C++ code with Android. It enables platform libraries with the ability to manage native activities and access physical device components, such as sensors and touch input. The API features tools for Asset, Audio, Bitmap, Camera, Choreographer, Configuration, Dynamic Linker and more.Please note: This provides indirect access to this service. Please refer to the corresponding SDK, below.
Android developers provides tools for Android handsets, Wearable OS by Google, Android TV, Android Auto, or Android Things.
 The App Submission API provides a way to create new versions of your existing Android apps on the Amazon Appstore, that includes; Edits, Edits.videos, Edits.targeting, Edits.availability and more. The API is a RESTful service to manage an Android app catalog by programmatically updating your existing applications on the Amazon Appstore. It allows you to automate the submission of new application versions, or streamline frequently performed operations such as uploading image assets or updating APK versions. Amazon is an Ecommerce, Business and Web Service Platform that provides electronic commerce and cloud computing services.
 With the Telstra Connected Things API, developers can query details and network information for your Telstra IoT SIM connected to Telstra's CAT-M1 network (Australia's largest LPWAN network). This API will provide you critical information on your SIMs, data usage and session information for devices connected to Telstra's IoT networks.
 The Uiza API streams video, storages media, and embeds metadata when developers make HTTPS requests and authorize via Key, accessing the interface. Uiza allows managing users, publishing videos, creating categories, retrieving storage, creating a live event, creating callbacks, analyzing metrics, and embedding metadata. SDKs available for Android, Android TV, iOS, and TVOS. Uiza is a mobile video platform.
 The Happykwik mobile recharge API support covers a wider range of fields from operating system to the manipulation of raw data. It is a total solution for recharge business - Portal design, development, API integration and business promotion. This includes the ability to track all major recharge operator for Mobile, DTH and Data Card. Mobile Recharge API or application programming interface seems to be a technical term, but if you are running a business firm there is a definite need of technology and the compact solution will be brought by an efficient API provider. Being an individual business owner you may have least knowledge of such technical processes and on the other hand without implementing latest technology you will be left behind by your business competitors. Happykwik has brought the solution and your business will find more speed and success having such API support.
 This is access to build a Salesforce UI for native mobile applications and custom web apps. Build user interfaces that allow users to get metadata and data about objects and records, to work with records, list views, actions, favorites, and more. The User Interface API provides a way to create and update that returns results in JSON. It enables you with the ability to get data and metadata about actions displayed in the Salesforce UI with some features that include; buttons, quick actions, and productivity actions. Salesforce is a customer relationship management services company.
 The Perfecto API returns XML and JSON formats to implement testing into mobile applications. API operations include command, script, report, device host, scheduler, user and account, group, and reservation. Perfecto is a continuous testing in a DevOps environment platform.
 The MirrorFly API allows developers to integrate chat, video, and voice functionality into their mobile and web applications. This service is completely customizable and comes with built-in WebRTC. This API can be used for enterprise communication, in-app messaging, broadcasting, streaming, customer support, team chat, social chat, and personal chat. Both cloud-based and on-premises versions of MirrorFly are available.
 The Kik Webhooks API provides real-time chat messaging for users and bots. Bots can have the following features by enabling them: provide send receipts, receive messages of type read-receipt from users, receive messages of type delivery-receipt, and receive is-typing messages. Bots need to be configured by sending a POST request with the preferred URL and options.
 The Verizon ThingSpace SMS API lets applications send time sensitive information to users phones, about devices or sensor readings. The recipients phones can be on the Verizon Wireless network or on other carriers networks. The ThingSpace SMS API allows you to check the delivery status of messages, and receive other notifications about messaging. It provides a way to send SMS messages to phones with time critical information from devices, such as: Temperature threshold warnings and alerts, Sensor alerts for gas leakage, smoke, fires etc., Outage notifications, Low-inventory warnings and more.
 The Verizon ThingSpace Device Location API provides a way to find the location of IoT devices in an account. This includes features such as; verify fixed assets, track mobile assets, plan efficient truck routes between devices, estimate the arrival time of a delivery and more. The Device Messaging API is used with all Open Development certified IoT devices like; routers, modems, vending machines with embedded modules, etc. to request a device's current location, or request the previous location from the cache. It allows you to compare the current and cached locations to verify that a device has not moved, or to see how far it has moved.
 The Verizon ThingSpace MapQuest Static Map API enables you to create, configure, and return a map image of almost any size through a simple HTTP request. The MapQuest Static Maps API provides a single-line address or a lat/lng for the map image to be centered over that includes; Static Map, Place Map, and Flush Icon Service. Static Maps allows you to create, configure, and return a map image that can include custom POI icons, routes, traffic data or polygons. It provides your retail location, by using static maps without writing or embedding code.
 The Mollie Shipment API can be used to ship order lines. The Shipment API returns JSON data, notifying developers when a service was provided or digital content was delivered. Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform.
 The Mollie Subscription API requires API Key and OAuth to make JSON callbacks, offering recurring payments in return. With the API, developers can schedule amounts and intervals to create an endless subscription to charge a monthly fee. A subscription ends when the user decides. Mollie is an online business payment transaction platform.
 The Mollie Invoices API retrieves details of an invoice, using the invoice’s identifier. OAuth access token is required to authenticate. Responses with 200 OK code in JSON format show a successful outcome.
 The Mollie Webhooks API processes payment status updates in real time when a payment is made. Mollie calls a webhook and the developers fetch the latest payment status.
 The Bitbar API returns XML and JSON cloud mobile development data after making HTTP requests and authenticating with API Key and OAuth2. The API provides methods to manage project basics, testing environments, and more. Public and private users can access Swagger, use Java, Python, and Ruby SDKs, and start with cURL examples. Bitbar provides enterprise mobile DevOps and app testing services.
 The Skyhook Personas API allows developers to send mobile data to Skyhook in order to create behavioral and demographic Personas based on users' anonymized information. This service is designed to help inform advertising and user experience enhancements by providing insights into audience demographics and interests. Developers will need to contact the sales team or obtain a Skyhook key in order to use this API.
 Telnyx provides real-time and functionally diverse communication solutions that simplify the process of setting up and activating phone numbers and connections around the world. The platform also allows you to configure messaging, control VoIP and IP network functions in addition to defining the scope of real time communications. The Telnyx Communications API is deployable in a variety of specialty applications ranging from call tracking to cloud-based PBX, dynamic security, and authentication use cases. The RESTful API conveys JSON-formatted requests and responses.
 The Zloadr Professional API offers information related to legal structures of crypto assets, longevity of assets, and performance of crypto assets. This data is offered in JSON format. The API provides methods for cryptocurrency historical data, latest market quotes for one or more cryptocurrencies, listing market pairs, and more. Developers can test drive the API with a limited plan (with a limited number of daily/monthly calls).
 Tyntec Mobile Chat is a messaging platform integrated with Viber and Facebook Messenger. The API uses SMS as well to ensure message delivery. The API is REST-based with HTTPS calls. Tyntec is a platform dedicated to connect businesses, customers, and employees by using a range of mobile channels and devices. Tyntec supports messaging, voice calling, and authentication to safeguard transactions.
 Send and receive SMS and MMS messages globally using Telstra's enterprise grade Messaging API. It also allows your application to track the delivery status of both sent and received messages. Get your dedicated Australian number, and start sending and receiving messages today.
The Telstra Messaging API provides the features below:
• Dedicated Number - Provision a mobile number for your account to be used as from address in the API
• Send Messages - Sending SMS or MMS messages
• Receive Messages - Telstra will deliver messages sent to a dedicated number or to the notifyURL defined by you
• Broadcast Messages	Invoke a single API call to send a message to a list of numbers provided in to
• Delivery Status - Query the delivery status of your messages
• Callbacks - Provide a notification URL and Telstra will notify your app when a message status changes
• Alphanumeric Identifier - Differentiate yourself by providing an alphanumeric string in from. This feature is only available on paid plans
• Concatenation - Send messages up to 1900 characters long and Telstra will automatically segment and reassemble them
• Reply Request - Create a chat session by associating messageId and to number to track responses received from a mobile number. We will store this association for 8 days
• Character set - Accepts all Unicode characters as part of UTF-8
• Bounce-back response - See if your SMS hits an unreachable or unallocated number (Australia Only)
• Queuing - Messaging API will automatically queue and deliver each message at a compliant rate.
• Emoji Encoding - The API supports the encoding of the full range of emojis. Emojis in the reply messages will be in their UTF-8 format.
one-by-aol-reporting didn't extract the description
 Jukko is a customer engagement and monetization platform centered around contributing to nonprofits. Advertisers can use Jukko's tools to target audiences in different segments including age, gender, and location. Developers can check engagement data in real-time in order to identify which segments are working best. Publishers can integrate and customize their connection with Jukko in several programming languages.
 The MessageBird HLR API provides a way to send Network Queries to any mobile number globally. It allows you to view what mobile number belongs to an operator in real time and if the number is active. MessageBird is a cloud communications platform with SMS, Voice, and Chat APIs that connect you to 7 billion phones globally.
 Apteligent is a mobile intelligence platform designed to troubleshoot, prioritize, and resolve issues related to user experience. The Apteligent API is a REST interface that exposes resources associated with error monitoring, app operations, performance management, transactions, and benchmarks. Data is offered in JSON format. Developers need to implement OAuth 2.0 in order to send requests from their applications.
 The Textmunication SMS API allows you to create communication services. It provides SMS aggregation between network providers for your applications text message capabilities. This RESTful API is SMS aggregation that enables you to build communication services using a post request to the server. Textmunication provides health and fitness SMS Mobile Marketing.
 [Editor's Note: This profile has been moved here in order to comply with the new organizational structure of our database. All future updates will be made to the new profile. This original profile will no longer be maintained.]
The WhatsApp Business Webhooks API are user defined HTTP callbacks that are triggered by specific events. WhatsApp will see the event, collect the data, and send a notification to the Webhook URL. When a customers message is received, WhatsApp Business will send an HTTP POST request notification to the Webhook URL. This includes notifications for; Inbound Message, Inbound Media Message, Inbound Replies to Sent Messages and more. The WhatsApp Business API provides a way for businesses to interact with and reach customers globally to connect with them on WhatsApp using end-to-end encryption. This enables messages and calls with security that allows only you and the person you're communicating with to read or listen. WhatsApp Messenger is an SMS replacement application.
 The Fono API returns JSON data about mobile device descriptions, including model brand, processor, and weight.
 This is indirect access to the RevenueCat web service. Please refer to the corresponding SDK below. The RevenueCat API provides a way to make purchases by accessing the RevenueCat mobile framework. It implements in-app building for all platforms and handles syncing purchase tokens with the RevenueCat server. RevenueCat is a mobile subscription toolkit and purchase tracking system as a service.
 The RevenueCat Webhooks API provides enhanced server-to-server RevenueCat notifications. RevenueCat can send you notifications any time an event happens in your application. RevenueCat is a mobile subscription toolkit and purchase tracking system as a service.
 The 42Gears API unifies device data, making it accessible and ubiquitous for mobility purposes. The REST API can be authenticated with basic authentication HTTP Header along with an APIKey. PayLoad has to be JSON string in Base64 (UTF-8).
 NumSpy is a public API by which you can find some details of any mobile number in India. This API Will provide you JSON output so its very easy to use into your own code.
 The 1LINK.IO API allows you to create, edit and get link, simplify the access to your app providing one short link, users will be automatically redirected based on your settings, included landing page and analytics. It provides a way to automatically optimize your app presence on the web, with just one link.
 The Cisco Flare Websocket API provides streaming, real-time interactions with the Flare mobile deployment environment. The API supports setting data values, retrieval, sending action messages, and subscribing push notifications. Data is encoded in JSON format. Flare allows users to interact with things in their environment.
 The Tap Merchant Payments API can be accessed to collect payment details with methods for charge request credit cards or without source object, and create refund, and others. Tap Payments is a payments service that focuses on Middle Eastern business owners and consumers.
 AeroGear provides a cross-platform enterprise mobile development environment. AeroGear offers a user-driven platform that aims to create community-driven code. The REST API responds in JSON format, and allows access to information related to applications, metrics, registry, and more.
 The CyberSource Samsung Pay API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Samsung SDK available.
 The CyberSource Visa Pay API returns mobile payment data to integrate Visa into a system. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. Name-Value Pair and XML examples available.
 The CyberSource Apple Pay API returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With ApplePay, developers can implement in app transactions, web transactions, and merchant initiated transactions.
 The CyberSource Android Pay returns mobile payment data. Developers can use XML and SOAP as the formats and authenticate with HTTP basic. With Android Pay, enable users, request masked and full wallet, and decrypt message key.
 The Swift SMS Gateway API supports messaging, international texting, dedicated longcode, message polling, SSL security, and more. Additionally, the API supports over 800+ carriers. JSON is the preferred response format. Swift SMS Gateway helps businesses connect applications, advertising, and alerts to SMS.
 The Zapic API can be used to access game events, statistics, and achievements. Zapic provides an engagement platform designed for mobile gaming integrations. Zapic offers leaderboards, engaging achievements, cross application features, and a modern, integrated UI. Zapic offers dedicated support, and is free to start.
 The Install IPA API creates OTA (Over the Air) installation links for iOS Apps. This allows iOS apps to be installed by clicking a link, rather than uploading the app via USB in iTunes. This is designed to assist in the live device testing phase of iOS app development.
syniverse-sms-&-mms didn't extract the description
 The Syniverse Push API integrates messaging push notifications in text or rich media format for iOS and Android. With token for authenticate and JSON to make calls, developers can implement SMS capabilities, tracking message delivery reports and transaction events. Syniverse Technologies is a business telecommunications provider.
 The Syniverse OTT API stands for over the top, returning data to personalize messages, send and receive messages to and from end-users use Facebook Messenger and WeChat mobile apps. It is available in REST architecture for cross-channel messaging, template messaging, multi-country end-user engagement, rich media messaging, and 2-way messaging. Syniverse Technologies is a business telecommunications provider.
 The Syniverse Voice API returns data to call one or more recipients, supporting domestic US and Canada Local calling. Developers can make calls in JSON, previously authenticating with token. Syniverse Technologies is a business telecommunications provider.
 The Create Free App API allows developers to create a simple Android or iOS app that will display their website on the user's phone. The resulting apps come with an APK and IPA file and can be submitted to the Google Play Store and Apple iOS App Store. This service is built on Phonegap Build.
 The AppShift Mobile App Store API allows developers to interact with Apple iTunes and Google Play using a RESTful interface. The API can be used to find details on every app listed in the stores, view developers profiles for those apps, view category details and hierarchy, and track top apps, trending apps, editor's choice, etc.
 The Google Android Management API provides remote enterprise management of Android devices and apps. Google is a technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products that includes online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, software, and hardware.
 The MBLSMS API allows developers to integrate bulk SMS services into their applications. API users can send simple or advanced SMS, request a delivery report by customer ID or system ID, and get the balance of an account. MBLSMS can send messages to recipients in more than 200 countries around the world.
 Guidebook is an app building platform that lets you create and publish your app to the Google Play and the Apple App Stores in minutes.
The Guidebook REST API allows you to manage a subset of the resources available in the Guidebook Builder CMS. The Open API uses resource-oriented URLs, standard HTTP response codes, and HTTP verbs to segment different types of requests. The REST API is intended for content management. If you are interested in integrating with metrics data via our Export API, see the section on Webhooks. To access Guidebook's Open API, you'll need to include an API Key with your requests.
 The Clickatell SOAP API offers a way to set up delivery delays, sender IDs, delivery acknowledgements, and access to Clickatell gateway escalation and queuing. This is one of seven SMS APIs offered by Clickatell and includes support for extended length messages and converters. SOAP allows for easy integration, two-way messaging and batch sending. It is compatible with HTTP / HTTPS, forming the foundation layer of the web services protocol stack, and providing a basic messaging scaffold upon which abstract layers can be built. All the APIs support text, Unicode, binary SMS and flash messaging, providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients, staff or user-database. Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries. Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization.
 The Patnabulksms API sends bulk SMS to clients, customers, employees, and business partners in India. With the API, developers can send SMS, send unicode SMS, deliver status reports, check balance, and deliver report code.
 The Kobiton mobile cloud platform supports the performance of manual or automated testing on physical iOS and Android devices. Use the Kobiton API to build a hybrid cloud that provides seamless access to both local and public cloud platforms. The API conveys JSON-formatted requests and responses.
 The Voucherify Validate Voucher Client API provides a way to verify a voucher code given by customer. It is designed for client side integration and is accessible only through public keys. This method is designed to be run directly either in web browsers or mobile apps. Voucherify allows you to manage coupon campaigns with a voucher infrastructure that enables developers with the ability to integrate digital promotions across marketing channels. This platform can be used for referral programs, promo codes, loyalty coupons, vouchers and more. Voucherify.io is a voucher infrastructure platform that is accessed through an API.
 The appScatter open API enables developers and vendor communities globally, with the ability to build their own integrations. The API allows you to query Apple App Store, Google Play store, Tencent Store and 20+ other app stores. appScatter provides registered users access to API documentation. appScatter is an app management platform that monitors 300+ app stores and picks 50 of the best performing stores to host your app.
 This Sony Websockets service provides device notification functions for the Audio Control API. To enable the connected audio product to send notifications, you can send a switchNotifications message to the audio product. The Audio Control API allows you to extend or develop applications and services, to control supported Sony audio products from another device. An application using the API could remotely control the power, volume, input source, equalizer, and music playing on a supported device. The Sony Corporation, a global innovator of audio, video, game, communications, key device and information technology products for both the consumer and professional markets.
 The Sony Audio Control RPC API provides a way to develop audio apps with control features such as; power, volume, sound mode, functions and multi-zone. This API uses JSON-RPC, a light communication protocol with some extensions and restrictions, for use with three types of messages that include; Set messages, Get messages and Notification messages. This allows you to set some parameters on the device, get some parameters from the device and messages sent from a device without a request from the client, to notify the client about a parameter change. The Audio Control API allows you to extend or develop applications and services to control supported Sony audio products from another device. An application using the API could remotely control the power, volume, input source, equalizer, and music playing on a supported device. Sony Mobile is a subsidiary The Sony Corporation, a global innovator of audio, video, game, communications, key device and information technology products for both the consumer and professional markets.
 The ASOdesk API allows for exploration and analysis of tons of data from 60+ countries in the App Store and Google Play application marketplaces. Data returned includes: Title, description, short description, icon, screenshots, promotext, ratings, keywords, reviews, competitors, and statistics. ASOdesk provides App Store Optimization (ASO) services for developers, companies and other professionals.
 The Starling Bank REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Starling Bank with other applications. Some example API methods include managing accounts, retrieving statements, and retrieving transactions. Starling Bank is a mobile-only banking service application in the UK.
 The Google Poly API is a REST API that provides read access to assets in the Poly library.Poly is an online library where people can browse, share, and remix 3D assets. An asset is a 3D model or scene created using Tilt Brush, Blocks, or any 3D program that produces a file that can be uploaded to Poly. Many assets are licensed under the CC BY license, which means developers can use them in their apps, free of charge, as long as the creator is given credit. There are thousands of assets available for use at poly.google.com.
All calls to the Poly API must include credentials. Credentials are used by Poly to identify your app and enforce usage limits. Credentials for the Poly API, like other Google APIs, are managed through the Google APIs Console. A Google Account is required to receive credentials. There are different types of credentials: API Key and OAuth (2.0) client ID.
The dashboard in the Google APIs Console lets you monitor and manage access to the Poly API.The Poly API has a default quota of 10 queries-per-second (QPS), per API key or client id. Most assets on Poly are remixable and, thus, published under CC BY license. You are free to copy, modify, and use remixable assets for any purpose, as long as you give appropriate credit to the licensor.
The API works with Android, iOS, Unity, Unreal, and the web. Toolkits are available for Unity and Unreal.
 DataYuge’s Recharge Plans API is a comprehensive database of recharge offers of various telecom providers in India. This is generated from direct operator feeds and official operator offers list. DataYuge lists all the latest recharge plans in this browse plan API. The plans are daily updated, thus all data is accurate. DataYuge supports almost 9+ categories where the ML algorithm categorizes data. Some of these categories include Full Talktime offers, Top up offers, 4G, 3G, data recharge, Special recharges and so on. All the plans available are in TRAI prescribed format.
 Yandex Checkout is a payment service for business entities and sole proprietors. To activate it, you need to submit an activation request and sign an agreement with Yandex Money.
There are two scenarios for using Yandex Checkout to receive payments in mobile apps: using Yandex Checkout payment forms, or using the API for Apps.
Payment forms are easier to integrate, and they allow you to receive payments in all the ways that are available according to your agreement with Yandex Checkout. However, you can only get data from Yandex Money on the server or by email. The API only lets you receive payments from a user's Wallet or from bank cards, but, allows you to process payment information directly in the app.
Yandex support pages are in Russian.
Yandex is one of the largest internet companies in Europe, operating Russia's most popular search engine. Yandex provides user-centric products and services based on the latest innovations in information retrieval, machine learning and machine intelligence to a worldwide customer audience on all digital platforms and devices.
 The SimpleApps Prophet 21 REST API can access eCommerce data, such as site workflow, user experience, marketing, analytics, and content management. It requires OAuth 1.0 for authentication. SimpleWeb E-Commerce provides eCommerce software, including SimpleApps. Prophet 21 (or P21), is a Microsoft Windows based software package for wholesale distribution from Epicor software.
 The Vibes Mobile Engagement Platform API connects an application with Vibes' mobile database and campaign manager enabling the storage of information, participants, and subscribers. Additionally, the API supports wallet and acquisition campaigns. Campaign manager is used to enable interactive interactive campaigns, voting, and contests. Wallet is used to create loyalty cards for customers. JSON is the preferred data format.
 The Vibes Connect API enables transactional SMS messaging within applications. The API supports international messaging, multimedia messaging (MM7), and an SMPP Gateway Interface. Vibes offers callback services from the Vibes platform to a customer's URL endpoint for event-based information. The Connect API employs HTTP Basic Auth for authentication.
 The Curbside ARRIVE Webhooks service lets you register a URL that Curbside will notify when critical events occur. Receive customer-arrival events that will send push notification alerts to your monitor app and integrates arrival events with your POS infrastructure. Arrive is a mobile commerce on the go technology, that will notify your employees when your customers pull up. It uses the shopper’s smartphone to provide real-time alerts to store employees as customers approach. Use cases can be applied in restaurant take-out, same-day delivery, reserve online, try-on in-store, Curbside Pickup, Mobile Order Ahead and Appointment Check-in and more. Curbside ARRIVE provides Get notifications to any in-store system, POS or device via Webhooks, SMS or by using our SDK. Curbside connects online commerce to local retail, building software that helps get products to customers in real-time.
 The Google Activity Recognition API will enable you to detect users' activity using low power signals from multiple sensors in the device. It automatically detects activities by periodically reading short bursts of sensor data and processing them using machine learning models. Google Developers provides APIs, software development tools, and technical resources that allow communication with Google Services and their integration to other services. Google is a technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products that includes online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, software, and hardware.
 The Factual API is only accessible through the Engine mobile service for Factual. Engine is a mobile Location Intelligence SDK that enables you to engage users in the right place at the right time. It allows you to request an alert if the device enters a location-based Circumstance, and ask which businesses or places of interest the device is currently at or near. Factual is an open data platform for application developers that leverages large-scale data aggregation and community exchange. For more information on the SDKs, check the SDK tab below.
 The Curbside ARRIVE API is used to manage the lifecycle of trips related to retail experiences. This can include online-to-offline pickup experiences, alerting store employees when a customer is near, having reserved items ready for customers upon arrival and more. The API is RESTful and can be used with the ARRIVE SDK.
 The Nix Info Tariff Plans API offers card recharges, and bill pay integrations. The service is available for third-party websites and mobile applications. XML and JSON are the preferred data exchange formats. The platform uses API Keys for authentication. Nix Info is a web development firm based in India.
 The Nix Info Money Transfer API offers a secure immediate payment service which only requires IFSC codes and A/C numbers. XML and JSON are the preferred data exchange formats. The platform uses API Keys for authentication. Nix Info is a web development firm based in India.
 The Wakanda SSJS API is available through the globally exposed object directory to handle all kind of authentication and session management operations. The Directory interface documentation gives more details about the available methods and properties of this object. The Wakanda service allows you to develop mobile and web projects for your companies, build rich data-driven applications for mobile and Web, integrate legacy data and 3rd party APIs into a standard restful API and more. Wakanda is a FullStack JavaScript Platform to develop Mobile and Web Apps.
 The Wakanda REST API allows you to retrieve information about the datastore classes in your project, manipulate data, log into your web application and more. The Wakanda service allows you to develop mobile and web projects for your companies, build rich data-driven applications for mobile and Web, integrate legacy data and 3rd party APIs into a standard restful API and more. Wakanda is a FullStack JavaScript Platform to develop Mobile and Web Apps.
 The Mendix Stories API allows you to retrieve, create and update the sprints, stories and tasks in your Mendix projects. The available parameters include; Microflow CreateStory, Microflow CreateSprint, Microflow UpdateTask and more. Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications.
 PayAPI.io enables aggregated payment capabilities with fraud prevention. The API supports risk analysis, IP address validation with intelligent geoIP data and proxy detection, credit card validation, and blacklist monitoring. PayAPI.io follows REST practices, and supports JSON formatted data. PayAPI.io is a fintech firm with offices in Finland and Spain.
 The Mendix Projects API allows you to programmatically create a project in your company space and move working copies between the Team Server and the Model Server. The operations that are available include; CreateNewApp, RetrieveJobStatus, ExposeTeamServerRevision and more. Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications.
 The Mendix Profile API is an App Service that allows your AppCloud applications to retrieve profile information of their users from the Mendix platform. The service is part of the AppCloudServices module, which is available from the App Store and is also included in the default themes when creating a new application. Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications.
 The Mendix Permissions API is an App Service that allows retrieving the user roles a specific user has in your application. It requires the EnvironmentUUID and EnvironmentPassword parameters to authenticate and authorize requests; the values for these should come from constants from the AppCloudServices module with the same name. Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications.
 The Mendix Build API allows you to manage deployment packages and create new deployment packages using the Mendix build server. It retrieves all deployment packages that are available for a specific app that the authenticated user has access to. Mendix provides a way to transform ideas into applications.
360-payments-velox-point-of-sale didn't extract the description
 The 360 Payments Velox eCommerce API provides customized web-based payment processing methods that significantly reduces a merchant's PCI footprint without sacrificing end-user look and feel. It includes; Query, Direct Post, Three-Step Redirect and more. It allows merchants to download a detailed stream of transaction data that can then be used to create reports and analytics. Velox is an integrated payments experience for businesses that features state-of-the-art security, and mobile flexibility that is powered by 360 Payments.
 The Nix Info Recharge Plans API offers mobile recharge capabilities available for all major mobile operators. Recharging is available through SMS, websites, and mobile applications. XML is the preferred exchange format. The platform uses API Keys for authentication. Nix Info is a web development firm based in India.
 The Dexcom API enables secure authorization to retrospective Dexcom CGM (continuous glucose monitor) data for use in third party applications, thus supporting choice in diabetes management. It is a RESTful service that utilizes the OAuth 2.0 standard for authentication. Data available through the API includes estimated glucose values, calibrations, events, statistics, and more.
 The Dynamic Yield API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Dynamic Yield with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Dynamic Yield offers marketing tools and services for web and mobile applications and brands.
 The Indogsm Cell Phone Tracker API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Indogsm with other applications. Public documentation is not available. Indogsm provides cell phone tracking capabilities in Indonesia and SE Asia.
 This API allows you to process Vantiv services via the Hosted Payments solution on the Express payment platform. It provides a way to process a single sale transaction and store card data in PASS to tokenize. Express is a server-side web-service application that communicates over secure HTTPS links to the Internet. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This Vantiv Cloud Lane API provides a way to see all the lanes currently associated with your account, generate a new activation code for your PIN pad, reconfigure PIN pad and more. TriPOS Cloud enables you to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This API allows you to process a Vantiv transaction through triPOS. The API supports null lane IDs that allow payment transactions to flow through the system without the need for hardware. This includes; Generate a request package, Create Message Headers, Send the request to triPOS and more. The Express API is a server-side web-service application that communicates over secure HTTPS links to the Internet that is handled via XML or SOAP.
Worldpay, Inc. Formerly Vantiv is an American payment processing and technology provider. They provide online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next-generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv triPOS Express SOAP service allows you to generate either an XML or SOAP request when using the Express API. This includes; request to the Express API, request for a Credit Card Sale transaction, request for a Credit Card Sale transaction and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 Visa Consumer Transaction Control (CTC) affords consumers the flexibility of determining the frequency and preferences of using their cards. The CTC platform allows issuers to provide a channel through which cardholders can manage features, such as block and alerts, on their cards using their mobile banking apps or web applications. The Visa Customer Rules API supports the integration of the CTC functionality in apps. The API conveys responses and requests in JSON format.
 The Visa Mobile Location Confirmation service API makes it easier for Visa Card issuers to access enhanced security features including Authorization score and VisaNet’s location match Indicator. Although the API’s sandbox environment is accessible by any developer, its production environment is restricted to Visa issuers because the issuers can access the enhanced score and Location Match Indicator only through the VisaNet authorization message. The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 Aimtell is a web-based application that works in most web browsers, which means you don't need to download or install any software on your computer. Some Rest features include, Get All Websites, Get Subscribers, Get Segment, Create Campaign and more. Aimtell is a tracking and notification software that is installed on your web site. It allows you to have users opt-in to receiving notifications to your site while simultaneously tracking anonymous information. Aimtell helps marketers re-engage website visitors with targeted mobile and desktop push notifications that are sent to clients, customers, and other interested parties.
 The Under Armour Webhooks API allows consumers to receive notifications about events involving their users, that may be sent to any secure URL maintained by the consumer. Some features include; turn-key and state-of-the-art, optimized for insights over information, driven by social experiences, inspires athletic performance and more.
The platform powers Under Armour partners and developers, along with a full suite of Under Armour applications: Under Armour Record, MapMyFitness, MapMyRun, MapMyRide, MapMyWalk, and MapMyHike. Under Armour is a provider of performance apparel gear that is engineered to keep athletes cool, dry and light throughout the course of a game, practice or workout. Under Armour provides a platform that aspires to make athletes better through passion, design and the relentless pursuit of innovation.
 This DreamFactory SOAP service provides clients with REST-based access to XML-based SOAP remote services, that converts the client request (JSON, etc.) to a SOAP request to the remote service, and the SOAP response to a easily consumed client response (JSON). DreamFactory takes the service's configured WSDL file and auto-generates a Live API service definition, determining available resources, required payloads, returned data types, and scriptable events. DreamFactory is an open source REST API backend for mobile, web, and IoT applications. It is a middleware platform that enables developers with the ability to connect to any data source and get a palette of secure, reliable, and customizable REST APIs for their projects.
 This DreamFactory API provides a way to send push notifications to your Apps running on iOS and Android devices. This includes support for AWS Simple Push Notification (SNS) service, Apple Push Notification Service (APNS) and Google Cloud Messaging (GCM) service. This service allows DreamFactory to be used as your push notification provider. Your App can register user devices on DreamFactory, then send the notification targeting an App, and all devices registered under that App will receive the push notification. DreamFactory is an open source REST API backend for mobile, web, and IoT applications. It is a middleware platform that enables developers with the ability to connect to any data source and get a palette of secure, reliable, and customizable REST APIs for their projects.
 This API requires indirect access via SDK. Please see the SDK tab below for more information. ARCore provides SDKs for many of the most popular development environments. These SDKs provide native APIs for all of the essential AR features like motion tracking, environmental understanding, and light estimation. With these features you can build entirely new AR experiences or enhance existing apps with AR features. Google Developers offer a wide range of services for you to build high-quality apps, grow and retain an active user base, and tap into developers tools.
 Halosys provides a single Unified Enterprise Mobile Enablement platform that enables businesses to build, secure, manage and deploy an enterprise wide mobile applications portfolio. API access and documentation are only available with permission from the provider.
Because this is an indirect API, the only way to interact with it is through the SDK, check the SDK tab below for details.
 The Prisma API is vision technologies that enable developers and businesses to understand and modify the content of an image, by encapsulating machine learning models for iOS and Android apps or Cloud. Prisma is a system to control your research workflow that enables you to develop and integrate powerful and fast deep learning models into your app, by using just a few lines of code. It transforms your photos into artworks using the styles of famous artists such as: Van Gogh, Picasso, Levitan and more.
 The RouteMobile API returns communications data for mobile devices such as messaging and voice. The documentation that is available for download includes SOAP Web Service, RML DLL, Bulk HTTP, INDIA-PLUS, Desktop, Web Client, Excel Java, Android, Blackberry, and Push resources.
 The CheckMobi API returns verifying data for mobile communications, including caller, SMS, and interactive voice response. It is available in HTTP methods with any programming language to interact via API. In addition, CheckMobi provides SDKs for iOS and Android devices.
 The Spryng SMS API returns SMS data to implement into business applications. Developers can authenticate with HTTP and use the SDKs in PHP and C# languages. Spryng SMS allows sending SMS, receiving SMS, and integrating SMS. For support, contact info@spryng.nl
 The Pusher Mobile Push Notifications API (Beta) facilitates the conveyance of push notifications Android and iOS applications even when the destination devices are shut down. This functionality enables developers to implement the combination of push notifications and Pusher’s Websocket platform when delivering data to both connected and disconnected destination devices. A push notification can be sent with either a single HTTP request or a single call to a Pusher SDK.
 The TrueDialog Web API integrates SMS campaigns into mobile applications. XML and JSON formats are available with HTTP basic authentication.
 The triPOS Cloud API provides resources for developers that build integrated payment applications. It allows you to create products for your merchants to solve security and EMV challenges without installing local software to drive payment device communication that supports point-to-point encryption security, delivers hardware and an effortless pairing process, with a device and POS for merchant installation. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vyking API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Vyking with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Vyking provides mobile immersive advertising platforms and solutions.
 The LabsMobile API returns data of SMS campaigns. It is available in HTTP GET, HTTP POST, Web Service, and SMTP versions. Developers can download documentation manuals and contact info@labsmobile.com for additional implementation information.
 The CRM System API will handle your contacts in the TargetEveryone´s system. TargetEveryOne is an all in one digital mobile campaign creation platform to create, design, distribute and analyze mobile campaigns and landing pages . It is an interactive web based content management system to design your digital ads and provides a way to create, distribute and analyze mobile campaigns with a drag and drop online solution.
 The TargetEveryOne Distribution System API allows you to distribute a campaign to one or many contacts via SMS or Email. TargetEveryOne is an all in one digital mobile campaign creation platform to create, design, distribute and analyze mobile campaigns and landing pages . It is an interactive web based content management system to design your digital ads and provides a way to create, distribute and analyze mobile campaigns with a drag and drop online solution.
 The TargetEveryOne Template System API allows you to build predefined templates for getting customers to engage with offers that can be an opt-in form on your webpage. TargetEveryOne is an all in one digital mobile campaign creation platform to create, design, distribute and analyze mobile campaigns and landing pages . It is an interactive web based content management system to design your digital ads and provides a way to create, distribute and analyze mobile campaigns with a drag and drop online solution.
 The TargetEveryOne Analytics and Statistics System module lets you access the statistical data that your campaign generates. TargetEveryOne is an all in one digital mobile campaign creation platform to create, design, distribute and analyze mobile campaigns and landing pages . It is an interactive web based content management system to design your digital ads and provides a way to create, distribute and analyze mobile campaigns with a drag and drop online solution.
 The Twizo API returns data of secure 2-factor authentication via a variety of authentication methods some of which are paid for and some of which are 100% free. Services also include number lookup and messaging.
It is available in REST architecture with JSON format. It includes API URL, authentication, versioning, parameters, delivery reports, and possible errors. Variety of ready to use libraries & SDKs available.
 The Crowdfinch Mobile Recharge API integrates prepaid, postpaid, and bill payments into business applications. It is targeted for start-ups, retailer, and distributors based in India. For API access, contact info@Crowdfinch.in and http://www.crowdfinch.in/mobile-recharge-api.php
 This Mastercard API is a consumer-initiated mobile payment solution that enables you to make convenient, secure payments for everyday purchases. It allows making cashless payments from your smartphone, by simply scanning a Masterpass QR code at any merchant location that accepts Masterpass. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more. For support, contact https://developer.mastercard.com/support
 The AnchorFree User API allows you access to AnchorFree user data that includes; Counters, Purchases, Social, Remaining Traffic and more. The AnchorFree service allows you to build secure applications that can't be throttled or restricted and supports popular VPN protocols and major client platforms. AnchorFree engineers develop innovative technologies that enable users to stay secure and private online.
 The AnchorFree Partner API allows you to access AnchorFree partner data that includes; Licenses, Subscribers, User, Device ID and more. The AnchorFree service allows you to build secure applications that can't be throttled or restricted and supports popular VPN protocols and major client platforms. AnchorFree engineers develop innovative technologies that enable users to stay secure and private online.
 This Mobile API allows you to receive the Title, Image, Publisher, Price, Main Category, Main Category ID, and Rating for a requested app and Receive a list of all mobile apps from the App Store or Play Store, that relates to a given domain. SimilarWeb provides global multi-device market intelligence to understand, track and grow your digital market share.
 The Augur Insights API allows developers to gather on-demand and real-time data on device owners. Developers can use the API to access and integrate the functionality of Augur with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Augur provides device and user recognition functionalities.
 The Postways REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Postways with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving messages, managing notifications, and managing users. Postways is a messaging management system that allows users to manage email, SMS, and mobile push notifications from one platform.
 Duphlux is a lightweight mobile verification system that features One-Time 6 digit Tokens, real-time mobile number verification, 2 factor authentication, and lead generation. Users can use Duphlux to verify their phone numbers during card payment processes. Duphlux offers several monthly plans which vary according to call volume requirements. Responses are encoded in JSON format.
 Mastercard Qkr is a mobile payments platform that allows consumers to order and pay for goods and services using their smart device. It enables partners to embed merchant embedded Masterpass registration, card management and checkout flows directly into their mobile commerce apps. Generate sales reports and view real time analytics, gather and respond to consumer feedback, manage your product inventory and your customer experience. Some functions include; Pay-at-Table, Open Tab, Order ahead and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 Hyphenate offers the tools necessary to build in-app chat and mobile instant messaging integrations. Hyphenate is a cloud based messaging provider that can benefit several types of product categories such as health, dating, fitness, eLearning, eCommerce, and gaming. Hyphenate offers a free starting plan that supports up to 5,000 monthly active users. Responses are encoded in JSON format, and API Keys are required for authentication.
sita-inflight-wi-fi-voucher-(beta) didn't extract the description
 The UpKeep REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of UpKeep with other applications. Some example API methods include managing work orders, retrieving work orders and batches, and managing assets. UpKeep is a mobile maintenance management system for organizations and enterprise.
 The KudiSMS REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of KudiSMS with other applications. Some example API methods include sending SMS text messages to single or multiple recipients, managing contact information, and managing user information. KudiSMS provides bulk SMS text services in Nigeria.
go-processing's-mobile-recharge didn't extract the description
 The IMwallet Recharge API allows developers to integrate online mobile recharge services into their websites and applications. IMwallet connects to all major prepaid recharge facilities in India, including all mobile operators, DTH operators, and data card operators. They also provide domestic money transfers and bill payment services for postpaid, landline, gas, electric, water, and insurance bills. IMwallet is payment Processing wallet Company which provides Telecom Recharge and Bill Payment API. We Provide all Operator Mobile Recharge, DTH Recharge, Postpaid Recharge API and also have All State Electricity Bill API's.
 TeleSign's Voice service is a REST API that allows you to easily send voice messages, alerts, reminders, and notifications, or send verification messages containing time-based one-time passcodes (TOTP). TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps. It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network. TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging, two-factor authentication (2FA), one-time passwords (OTPs), data intelligence, fraud scoring and more.
 The SMS Verify API delivers phone-based verification and two-factor authentication (2FA) using a time-based, one-time passcode (TOTP) sent over SMS. It allows you to send SMS messages for account security and business critical communications. Some features include; Send custom messages, Send standard or custom messages containing a random verification code, Send standard or custom messages in a variety of languages and more. TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps. It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network. TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging, two-factor authentication (2FA), one-time passwords (OTPs), data intelligence, fraud scoring and more.
 The Score API is a REST service that delivers reputation scoring based on phone number intelligence, traffic patterns, machine learning, and a global data consortium. The Score web service provides risk information about a specified phone number alongside the data elements you would normally see returned by the PhoneID API. The score and risk level details returned are Level, Recommendation and Score. TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps. It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network. TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging, two-factor authentication (2FA), one-time passwords (OTPs), data intelligence, fraud scoring and more.
 The PhoneID service is a REST API that provides a cleansed phone number, phone type, and telecom carrier information that can be used to determine which phone numbers are a potential fraud risk, and what the best communication method for a phone number is (voice, SMS). It provides a cleansed phone number, phone type, and telecom carrier information that can be used to determine which phone numbers are a potential fraud risk, and what the best communication method for a phone number is (voice, SMS). TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps. It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers the ability to build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network. TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging, two-factor authentication (2FA), one-time passwords (OTPs), data intelligence, fraud scoring and more.
 The GeoSimulator API offers a testing platform for developers that want to integrate geolocation capabilities with their applications. Developers can test arbitrary geofences and random streets when consuming the GeoSimulator REST API. The preferred data exchange format is JSON. Nisos Technologies creates cloud based applications that help non-profit, marketing, advertising, financial and real estate technology providers.
 The Bitrise Build Trigger REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Bitrise with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing webhooks, managing teams, and managing applications. Bitrise is a mobile application development, integration, and development service.
 The SMSGateway.me API integrates messaging into mobile applications. It is available in JSON format with URL endpoint and GET method. With the API, developers can display a list of messages, fetch a single message, send message to number, and send message to contacts.
 The Recruitee Careers Site API provides a way to show company’s jobs and add new candidates to jobs. It allows you to access answers for the job’s questions and includes; name, email, phone and more. Recruitee are a team of tech-loving entrepreneurs that provides a modern applicant tracking system that is a simple, collaborative hiring platform.
 The Recruitee Private API provides a way to show company’s jobs and add new candidates to jobs. It allows you to access answers for the job’s questions and includes; name, email, phone and more. The API requires authorization and all requests must have valid auth_token. Recruitee are a team of tech-loving entrepreneurs that provides a modern applicant tracking system that is a simple, collaborative hiring platform.
 The Recruitee Public API provides a way to show company's jobs and add new candidates to jobs. It allows you to access answers for the job's questions and includes; name, email, phone and more. The API does not require authorization, all you need is your company's subdomain. Recruitee are a team of tech-loving entrepreneurs that provides a modern applicant tracking system that is a simple, collaborative hiring platform.
 The Eristica Game API supports the integration of interactive and engagement functionalities in game applications. The API allows developers to provide players with greater flexibility for sharing games through social networks, participating in challenges, and setting betting preferences. Developers seeking to access the API are required to email Eristica for further instructions.
 AURA is an API specification for music libraries. It includes Music players from HTML5 applications, mobile apps, embedded devices and more. AURA is used to access servers that host catalogs of music that act as a personal alternative to centralized cloud services. Beets is a music geek's media organizer.
cisco-connected-mobile-experiences-(cmx) didn't extract the description
 The Cisco Flare API simplifies the deployment of a mobile device as an interactive portal for accessing other devices and functional parameters within a particular environment. It is a RESTful API that supports the use of mobile devices to discover gadgets and support connectivity to the operational infrastructure existing in a given environment. The API functionally designed to simultaneously deploy a variety of location technologies alongside real-time communications capabilities to deliver top notch interactive experiences for users.
 The Burner Webhooks API can send text messages via the URL. Messages are defined in JSON and authentication are available in OAuth2. Developers can create their own webhooks by connecting to the console at https://app.burnerapp.com/#/developer
 The Urban Airship Connect API is available in JSON objects over HTTP formats. Developers can use the API to stream events that display a user experience in a mobile application. Events include user actions, automated responses, and push notifications. Urban Airship provides mobile marketing automation services.
 Pushy offers a notification service that uses Apple Push Notification Service for iOS devices, and the MQTT protocol for Android devices. For users located in China, Pushy offers delivery to AOSP devices due to Google services being unavailable or unreliable. The following methods are supported: device information, device presence, send notifications, status, and subscriptions. The Pushy API uses JSON for headers and responses.
 Instructure is a leading provider of innovative education software solutions for K-12 and higher education domains. The Instructure Canvas Mobile APP API supports the development of learning management systems and classroom applications for students and teachers. The API that supports Android and iOS mobile apps provides information to academic information such as announcements, conversations, discussions, assignments, files, people, and quizzes, among others.
 The Mozilla Power Management API allows users to control the energy consumption rates of mobile phones and other devices devices. It allows developers to deploy power saving modules in the screens and CPUs of devices. Users manipulate the turn-on and turn-off device functionalities to moderate power consumption.
 The Mozilla Contacts API supports the management of contacts stored in the address book of a mobile device. Developers use the API to integrate tools that allow users to access and manipulate contacts in the address book. The API’s mobile browser compatibility is currently restricted to Chrome for Android and Firefox Mobile (Gecko). This API is loosely based on the W3C Pick Contacts Intent, and is available on Firefox OS for privileged or certified applications.
 The Mozilla Settings API supports the selection and management of preferred settings in mobile devices and smartphones. It allows developers to provide access and change options as well as settings parameters for monitoring devices. The API is only accessible to certified applications due to the sensitive nature of system information. The Mozilla Settings API does not conform to W3C standards, and is supported on Firefox OS. This feature is not part of any specification.
 The Mozilla Mobile Connection API is useful for building tools that determine the connectivity statuses of mobile devices and provide access to the functionalities within the Integrated Circuit Card (ICC). It is a certified API due to the sensitive nature of information contained in the ICC. The API is used to prescribe appropriate methods for handling ICC functionalities including card lock, MMI messages, and call forwarding options. This API does not conform to the W3C standards, but it is supported by Firefox OS, and is not part of any specification.
 The Mozilla Web Activities API allows an application to delegate the performance of tasks, such as image selection or email forwarding, to another application chosen by the user. Developers use the API to provide interfaces for implementing seamless transfer of tasks from the app that delegates an activity to the one that handles the task. The API is currently compatible with only Firefox OS.
 The Proximity Events API detects the closeness of devices to objects and initiates appropriate reactions, such as shutting down a phone’s screen when it is close to a user's ear. Its sensors notify the browser of the device-object distance changes, which in turn responds with appropriate instructions for reacting to device and user proximity events. The API is compatible with only Firefox (Gecko) browser for desktop and Firefox Mobile (Gecko) browser for mobile. It is currently a beta release and subject to future changes.
 The Mozilla Device Orientation API enhances the responsiveness of web-enabled devices to detect the slightest changes to their physical positioning relative to gravitational pull. Its integration equips hand-held devices, such as tablets and smartphones, with the capabilities to sensor changes of orientation and trigger automatic rotation that retains display on upright position regardless the orientation of a device. The API’s desktop browser compatibility is currently restricted to Chrome and Firefox (Gecko), while its mobile browser compatibility supports Android, Firefox Mobile (Gecko), and Safari Mobile. It is currently a beta release and subject to future changes.
 The Mozilla Time and Clock API makes it easy for users to change system time in devices. It allows users to set and change system time by recognizing a number or a date object as acceptable parameter in the system. The API accepts system numbers stretching to way back to midnight UTC January 1, 1970. The Mozilla Time and Clock API does not conform to W3C standards, and is supported on Firefox OS. This feature is not part of any specification.
 (note: according to Mozilla this feature is obsolete, though it may still work in some browsers) The Mozilla Battery Status API monitors system battery levels of mobile devices and streams notification events for changes in the battery levels and charging progress. Its integration allows users to retrieve real-time updates of device battery levels and status. The API’s desktop browser compatibility is currently restricted to Chrome, Firefox (Gecko), and Opera, while its mobile browser compatibility supports Android Webview, Firefox Mobile (Gecko), Opera Mobile, and Chrome for Android.
 The Mozilla Web Telephony API is ideal for integrating voice phone calling capabilities in web content. It allows developers to build applications that can control the telephony capabilities of the Firefox OS. The API is compatible with only Firefox Mobile (Gecko) and Firefox OS (Gecko) browser for mobile devices.
 The Mozilla Idle API provides a power saving module that is programmed to convey signals to an app whenever a device such as a mobile phone is not in use. The app in turn instructs the devise to retreat to idle mode and save power consumption. The Mozilla Idle API does not conform to W3C standards, and is supported on Firefox OS. This feature is not part of any specification.
 The Mozilla Mobile Messaging (WebSMS) API simplifies the integration of tools that implement messaging concepts in web content. Once integrated in applications, the API facilitates the exploitation of create, send, and receive message properties in web content in addition to manipulating the SMS and the MMS functionalities. The API’s mobile browser support is currently restricted to Firefox Mobile (Gecko) and Firefox OS. The Mozilla Mobile Messaging API does not conform to W3C standards. This feature is not part of any specification.
 The Mozilla WiFi Information API facilitates Wi-Fi network connectivity to mobile devices running on Firefox OS. Users can deploy the API’s interface to search available Wi-Fi networks in addition to manipulating preferences for connecting or disconnecting networks.
 Unlike devices, screens have inbuilt capacity for detecting changes in orientation. But devices are not equipped with automated mechanisms for controlling screen orientation. The Mozilla Screen Orientation API provides CSS and JavaScript mechanisms for controlling screen orientations. It enables a device to implement content adjustment using CSS relative to either landscape or portrait mode of a screen. Developers can alternatively use JavaScript screen orientation to get and lock a screen's current orientation. The API currently supports only Firefox OS and Firefox Android mobile browsers. It is still a beta release and subject to future changes.
 This is a RESTful API to the GSMA API Directory and returns; search across all fields on the API, Tls support of the API, Status of API either coming soon or live, API provider and more. GSMA represents the interests of mobile operators worldwide, uniting nearly 800 operators with almost 300 companies in the broader mobile ecosystem.
 The Virool Mobile API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Virool with other applications and websites. The main API method is embedding a Virool video ad player made for smaller screens such as on mobile devices. Virool is a video advertising platform for applications and websites.
 The Burner API enables programmatic access to core telephony functions like sending and receiving messages and media, as well as the "business logic" layer the company spent years building.
Key Burner features include per-line configuration and settings, contact management, blocking and muting, content filtering, text auto-responses, and more.
Full API access to Burner means developers can now build integrations that enhance and extend Burner's messaging and application capabilities in ways the company believes represent the future of smart phone numbers.
Developers can also take advantage of this API to embed Burner's basic and enhanced calling and messaging experiences into their apps via OAuth. Your users get all the benefits and features of our top-rated voice and messaging client (and the support and business functions that stand behind it), while you get all the benefits of controlling the phone number at the network level. In effect, you can treat the Burner app itself as a service, rather than building your own "last mile" on top of a bare-bones telephony API.
 The Swiftype Developer REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Swiftype with other applications. Some example API methods include creating search engines, creating searches, retrieving search results, and managing search results. Swiftype is a search platform that can be used for websites, mobile applications, and enterprise.
 The Swiftype Platform REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Swiftype with other applications. Some example API methods include creating users, managing user accounts, and retrieving information on users and accounts. Swiftype is a search platform that can be used for websites, mobile applications, and enterprise.
 Tenjin is a marketing platform designed for mobile that features analytics, automated aggregation, and direct data visualization with direct SQL access. Tenjin offers source tracking, True ROI analysis, and event insights. Developers can use Tenjin for free, but are limited to 12M events per month; historical data is also limited to 7 days. For API documentation, contact info@tenjin.io
 This is the Mixpanel HTTP Tracking API. It provides a way for you to analyze the actions people take in your application. This can include someone uploading a picture, playing a video, or sharing a post and returns events and properties. Mixpanel provides advanced analytics platform for mobile and web.
 The Mobile Connect API integrates authentication processes in mobile devices, avoiding to remember passwords, verifying users with one step. JSON formats are available to perform callbacks, previously authenticating with token. Developers can experiment in the sandbox, enabling configuration and authorization.
 The Mobile Connect Discovery API authenticates users and provides details of the home operator. Developers can configure mobile data to perform callbacks in JSON format, using client ID and client secret as the main authorization methods.
 The Placer REST API supports the construction of mobile applications that implement location-based tracking concepts including round the clock location tracking and generation of timelines and analytics of a user’s favorite places such as home, workplace, and content. The API allows developers to add contextual geofencing capabilities in applications that chronicle users’ activities in identified or favorite places. This API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format.
 The Exponent API provides mobile application development, providing indirect access via SDKs. As an open source UI initiative, developers can integrate contacts, camera, and social login into Android and iOS applications. For additional information, contact support@getexponent.com
 OpenStack is a provider of various open source project components that facilitate the establishment of cloud services. The organization provides standard APIs that are well suited for multiple implementations, including the multi-tenant, fast, and scalable Messaging Service for implementing simultaneous performance of secure message distribution tasks. The deployment of the OpenStack Messaging Service API allows developers to distribute messages among different components of their SaaS and mobile apps. Developers can implement different types of communication patterns using the API.
 The Mylnikov Mobile Geo-Location database API implements geo-coordinates, aiming to resolve cell tower identifiers. Developers can download information in CSV format, enabling JSON interchangeable data.
 The Data Partner API provides a way for PushSpring to ingest partner data and make it available for PushSpring Audience Console customers to use when building custom segments. It allows a data partner to define a set of Attributes associated with mobile advertising identifiers for IDFA and Google Play Ad Id. PushSpring provides mobile app audience data and audience intelligence tools for publishers and advertisers.
 The Truly REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Truly with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Truly provides phone services over desktop and mobile.
 The PayTM API integrates payments features into mobile e-commerce applications. It is available with JSON formats to verify and manage transactions, refunds, 2FA. PayTM is an e-commerce company based in India that processes mobile payments of electronics, men's and women's apparel, home and kitchen items, cars and bikes equipment, musical instruments, and books, music, and movies.
 The MXMerchant API available by invite code can integrate payments into merchant applications, aiming to simplify inventory, rewards, and order management with a dashboards' view. The REST interface is available with HTTP requests to receive JSON and XML formats, authenticating with basic HTTP. Sandbox and cURL examples are accessible for developers interested in practicing before moving to production.
 This API provides a browser-based development environment as a service. It provides Cordova development without any setup, right from your Web browser. Monaca is a leading HTML5 development platform that gives developers the power to create rich UI PhoneGap apps that run at native speed.
 The iSendPro SMS is a professional bulk messaging solution for both text and voice SMS. The API supports the transmission of SMS to a single recipient or multiple recipients using mobile devices and fixed line telephones. Some of its functional features include: directory management, blacklist addition, text characters count, multi-contact campaigns, and detection of spamming numbers. A developer must sign up for iSendPro account to be able to access, integrate, and use the API to send SMSs to more than 200 countries. The RESTful API sends requests in HTTp format and returns responses in JSON and XML format.
 Burst SMS UK is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in the United Kingdom. Features of the service include message personalization fields; auto bounce management and database cleaning; automatic and manual opt-outs; and SMS templates.
Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications. API methods include SMS, Lists, Numbers, Transactions, Email, and Keywords.
 Burst SMS New Zealand is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in New Zealand. Features of the service include message personalization fields; auto bounce management and database cleaning; automatic and manual opt-outs; and SMS templates.
Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications. API methods include SMS, Lists, Numbers, Transactions, Email, and Keywords.
 Burst SMS Deutschland is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in Germany. Features of the service include message personalization fields; auto bounce management and database cleaning; automatic and manual opt-outs; and SMS templates.
Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications. API methods include SMS, Lists, Numbers, Transactions, Email, and Keywords.
 With the Orange Flexible Datasync API, users can boost real-time application development with an Orange backend that is adaptable to IoT, mobile, social, and collaborative services. The Flexible Datasync API is available on a special portal where all relevant resources can be accessed. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 The Orange SMS Botswana API gives developers a way to let their customers send automatic SMS from their digital service to other users. With this REST API, users can send SMS from their applications and buy SMS bundles, with their own SIM card in Botswana. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 The Amazon Web Services Pinpoint REST API supports HAL format to make HTTP requests and JSON format to receive responses. Amazon Pinpoint is a web service campaign management service that provides user behavior and identifies opportunities for user engagement. It uses AppID for authentication via Facebook, Amazon, and Google.
 Go2mobi is a mobile programmatic advertising platform that allows advertisers to hyper-target ads (banners, video, rich media, native, JSTags, VAST/VPAID ad tags) that get displayed on over 100,000 mobile apps and mobile websites. Go2mobi's Ads API allows developers to automate every aspect of setting up, reporting on, and optimizing ad campaigns. Go2mobi's API allows targeting ads by: City/Lat-Long, Phone Model, Wireless Carrier, Advertising DeviceID Lists, Single Publishers, Time of Day/Week. The API also offers the most granular reporting, programmatic bid changes, and reporting in the industry allowing developers to automate even the most advanced campaigns, including building your own optimization algorithms. Available as a REST API with Ruby and Javascript SDKs.
tune-in-app-marketing didn't extract the description
 The Orange Money Web Payment API boosts e-commerce in Africa by offering users services to accept online payments. With this API, Orange Money merchants can benefit from other services for web payment as well, such as tax collection, school fees, donations, and more. This API can be easily integrated. Access to the Orange Money Web Payment API must be requested by applying at: https://partner.orange.com/apply-orange-money/. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 The Orange Direct Carrier Billing Europe API provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue across Europe. This API can be integrated easily into the payment process, and is for digital goods or services for micro-payments. Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Europe API must be requested by filling out the form at: https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-billing/. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 Orange Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East provides users an efficient way to incorporate billing digital services while increasing revenue in Africa and the Middle-East. This API can be integrated easily into the payment process. Access to the Direct Carrier Billing Africa and Middle-East API must be requested by filling out the form at: https://partner.orange.com/apply-for-direct-carrier-billing-in-mea/. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 Hotmob is an advertising platform based in Hong Kong which delivers mobile portals with innovative interactions. Hotmob provides services for both advertisers and app publishers such as advertisement design, planning, implementation, serving, tracking and reporting. Hotmob's proprietary ad-serving infrastructure, Mobile Advertising Marketplace (MAM), offers multi-platform management and measurement tools for affiliates. For API documentation, submit a form at http://www.hot-mob.com/contact/
 The MoPub Publisher Reporting API integrates mobile publishing reporting into applications. CSV formats are available with API Key as the authentication method. Use the API to implement metrics and dimensions of campaign reports.
 This is an unofficial API that allows you to query the Google Play store programatically. It's completely free to use. You can search for an android app, and receive back in JSON format, data about that app, including imagery, description, rating, author info, and links.
 The Cloud App Licenser API manages licenses and in-app credits for native and hybrid mobile apps. It provides a simple alternative to proprietary app store systems. Cloud App Licenser allows developers to use a single licensing service for all platforms and includes detailed error messages and error logs for debugging purposes.
 The Orange Mobile Connect Spain-Limited API, based on Mobile Connect standard, provides developers tools from the Orange authentication to use with your service. It offers the full power and security of Orange authentication. Users get to experience sign in without login and passwords with a user authentication and identity service based on the OpenID Connect/OAuth2 standards. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 The Orange Mobile Connect Spain API gives users tools to connect with Orange customers and quickly authenticate users. This is done securely and without the need for user names and passwords. Along with the benefits of the Customers Authentication API, Mobile Connect helps with management of sign-in and consent of users. Orange is a global telecommunication company that provides IT and telecommunications services.
 The OnVerify API allows developers to automatically perform phone-based verification using SMS or push messages. Recipients are given a verification code that they can enter on the developer's website to complete verification. OnVerify works with all phone types and all destinations worldwide and is available in multiple languages, including English, Spanish, German, French, Italian, and more.
 This API lets you access the F6S data about mobile apps. Some response are searchApp, getAppInfo, getAppRating and getAppReview. The API communicates over JSON using a synchronized communication. Examples include Python and PHP. F6s is a Global Founder Community for Startup Programs, Founder Deals, Jobs, Events and more.
 Burst SMS Singapore is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in Singapore. Features of the service include message personalization fields; auto bounce management and database cleaning; automatic and manual opt-outs; and SMS templates.
Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications. API methods include SMS, Lists, Numbers, Transactions, Email, and Keywords.
 Burst SMS USA is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in the United States. Features of the service include message personalization fields; auto bounce management and database cleaning; automatic and manual opt-outs; and SMS templates.
Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications. API methods include SMS, Lists, Numbers, Transactions, Email, and Keywords.
 Burst SMS Hong Kong is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in Hong Kong. Features of the service include message personalization fields; auto bounce management and database cleaning; automatic and manual opt-outs; and SMS templates.
Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications. API methods include SMS, Lists, Numbers, Transactions, Email, and Keywords.
 Burst SMS Philippines is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in the Philippines. Features of the service include message personalization fields; auto bounce management and database cleaning; automatic and manual opt-outs; and SMS templates.
Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications. API methods include SMS, Lists, Numbers, Transactions, Email, and Keywords.
 The Heyzap Campaigns API integrates ad campaigns into applications. It is available to access via API Key to interact with the endpoint that returns CSV responses. Practical uses of the API include campaign details, statistics, and device IDs.
 The AimBrain API allows developers to programmatically access the biometric modalities that make up AimBrain's authentication platform. These modules can be used singly or together depending on the intended use case. Any module may be used in a cross-channel context. This API is still under development, and breaking changes are anticipated.
 The Purple Gator's gStack API deploys trivia games and surveys without the need to build their own servers and databases, aiming for quickly, efficiently, and cost-effectively processes. It supports Android, iOS, and HTML platforms. Contact Purple Gator for additional information related to formats and authentication at https://purplegator.net/#CONTACT and purplegator@purplegator.net
 The Aptexx Mobile Payments API provides developers a simple, mobile-optimized PCI-compliant payment processing system right out of the box. With this API, customers are given more payment options. Aptexx is a mobile payment and messaging service that works to empower property managers and residents with their services.
 The Verizon ThingSpace Personal Cloud Storage API integrates cloud services into telephony applications. It is available with OAuth2 as authentication method, HTTP requests & JSON responses, and an API console to experiment with development.
 The Verizon ThingSpace Device Messaging API integrates communication services into mobile devices. It is available with HTTP requests and JSON responses, using an API Key to authenticate.
 The Verizon ThingSpace Connectivity Management API integrates telephony connection features into mobile devices. It is available with HTTP requests, JSON responses, and API token. Resources include parameters and a live API try it! session.
 Verizon Cloud allows users to access and manage their content on any of their devices, even when they are on-the-go. If you are a developer, you can use Verizon Personal Cloud Storage APIs to create apps that let your users access the content stored in their Verizon Cloud accounts from your app. Tens of millions of Verizon subscribers back up to the Verizon Cloud and use 3rd party applications to access, store and share their content.
 The MobileEngine API offers an image recognition platform optimized for images taken from a mobile device. The API quickly and accurately matches a user-submitted image to your collection of photos or product images. This can be used to identify pictures of books, wallpapers, magazines, CD covers, artwork and more. MobileEngine is designed to take into account common effects that occur when taking photos with mobile devices, including rotation, occlusion, perspective projection, changing lighting conditions, warps, blurs, flips and crops.
 The Upaknee API integrates email communication for enterprises, that target mobile development. It is available in REST interfaces with resources and parameters as endpoints. Token is required to authenticate. Upaknee is an email marketing platform.
 The Unbill API allows developers to receive user-authorized bill data, such as the latest balance and due date information. The API also lets developers make payments on behalf of the user via credit, debit, or ACH. Autopay is provided as well. Unbill supports over 4,000 billers for recurring expenses such as rent, electricity, phone services, loans, and TV.
 The MapQuest Observer API allows clients to receive GPS observations generated from mobile applications using the MapQuest Tracking SDKs on a second by second basis. It provides a way for clients to curate the stream of information by defining predicates expressed as query parameters. This streaming service can render data in a variety of formats. Parameters are available to perform filtering on attributes such as location and speed. MapQuest is a location-enabled Geospatial solution that provides tools for mapping items such as reservations, recommendations to routes, reroutes and more.
 WonderPush enables developers to integrate push notifications with browser and mobile applications. This platform supports 350K push notifications per second, geo-targeting, and advanced segmentation.The Management API allows developers to perform administrative tasks such as modifying campaigns, users, and installations. This API exchanges information in JSON format.
 The AppMonsta API allows developers to get app data for all apps offered by Google Play and the iOS App Store. Data available through this API includes rankings, basic information from the app's description page, and user reviews associated with each app. This data is refreshed on a daily basis.
 The Quriiri REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Quriiri with other applications. Some example API methods include sending messages, retrieving responses, and retrieving messaging reports. Quriiri is a Finnish SMS gateway that allows for sending and receiving SMS messages.
 The PokemonGo Java API allows developers to build interactive player portals for PokemonGo online games. The unofficial API is best deployed when the official PokemonGo servers are running at their optimum capacity. The API provider also recommends the use of an alternate account when playing with this API to avoid detection by Niantic. This is because the Java API is not capable of cloning the official client perfectly.
 Moovit offers transit directions for 800 cities in 60 countries. Information is combined from public transportation operators, and the user community to provide travelers with live data. Moovit features OmniSearch to discover the best routes, arrival times, and personalization for instant trip planning. Users can get a variety of transit options to reach specific destinations. For support, contact https://www.developers.moovit.com/contact?utm_medium=Organic&utm_source=company_website
 Projector is a user engagement system dedicated to mobile based in San Francisco. Projector was founded by seasoned startup veterans and venture-backed by top-tier firms. Actionable notifications and relevant alerts are some of the tools that can be integrated with existing applications. Developers need to register to access API documentation.
 The Apifaketory API is a gateway to a database of broad categories of content. It processes random data of a variety of bundled items that include: demographic profiles of correspondents, published blog posts, descriptive parameters of personal finance transactions, and markers of geographic locations. The API is capable of filtering the profiles of multiple users on the basis of personal details such as locations, billing entries, and other demographic details. The RESTful API returns JSON-formatted responses.
 yourbrowser.is allows developers to integrate a browser detection service with existing applications. Additionally, this service reports information such as operating system, screen resolution, pixel ratio, language, time zone, social media login status, and connection speed. This API can be customized according to the developer's needs. API Keys are needed for authentication, and JSON is used for data exchange.
 Spotter is the customizable inspection app for iPad and Android tablets that improves safety and accuracy with photo, video, and offline data collection. Spotter helps users reduce their reliance on paper forms for data capture applications, checklists, to-do lists, surveys and more) and helps reduce inspection time and costs. The API lets developers build workflow and routing applications integrated into their current systems.
 The Afilnet Cloud Marketing API links Afilnet subscriber to a portfolio of communication channels, including emails, SMS, and voice calls. Each of these channels features five functionalities for sending message to a particular recipient, sending message to group recipients, sending message from template to particular recipient, sending message from template to group recipient, and getting notification of delivery statuses of sent messages. The API’s simple architecture readily accommodates app development programs and easily processes JSON responses. The Afilnet Cloud Marketing API generates calls in the HTTP GET method and returns responses in JSON format.
 Wagawin is a German software development firm that offers an advertisement platform dedicated to mobile applications. For publishers, Wagawin offers video advertisements, interactive display advertisements, and audience optimization. For advertisers, it offers target-audience analysis by using formed anonymous audiences. Registration is needed to access API documentation.
 The Reporting API is used for prioritizing and delivery of reports which are sent to an endpoint or location in a group. This is a REST API that exchanges data in JSON format. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is an international community that constantly develops Web standards.
 The Publisher Data Reporting API is used to request performance data for publishers in hourly or daily summary form. JSON is used for data exchange, and API Keys for authentication. mNectar is an application streaming firm based in San Francisco which focuses on mobile application distribution and advertising. The mNectar platform allows users to sample games and applications without downloading via streaming technology.
 The Affiliate Data Reporting API is used to request performance information for advertisers in daily summary form. JSON is used for data exchange, and API Keys for authentication. mNectar is an application streaming firm based in San Francisco which focuses on mobile application distribution and advertising. The mNectar platform allows users to sample games and applications without downloading via streaming technology.
 The Roq.ad Cross-Device User Identification API lets users submit a list of device identifiers and get back a list of identifiers that belong to the same users as those on the input list. Roq.ad's technology can match devices to people and people to households. This service complies with Germany's consumer privacy laws.
 The VoicePing Enterprise Communication API allows developers to integrate communication solutions into their enterprise applications. The API includes methods for alerting workers with audio notifications, getting worker location information, and dynamically grouping workers. VoicePing's communication solutions were designed for companies whose workers are distributed in the field. It allows workers to communicate one-on-one or in a group as well as text or send photos.
 The CleverTap API integrates engagement into mobile applications. Requests and responses are available via JSON and REST protocols, using a secure HTTPS environment. Clevertap provides a platform for user behavior analytics and personalized messaging for mobile applications.
 The Payleven Point Pay API integrates payments into web services and mobile applications. It provides multi-channel developer support and EMV/PCI certified bluetooth card reader. Contact Sign up to receive API Key at https://service.payleven.com/uk/developer?product=pointpay
 The Instaparser Article API allows developers to parse full articles, including their body text, images, and videos. This API is used by Instapaper to to optimize how websites are displayed on mobile devices. Instaparser is a service designed to cleanly pull content from any website so that it can be viewed easily on mobile devices.
 The Twin Prime Data API provides users with programmatic access to rich client and network data collected by Twin Prime, including data and metrics about end users' mobile app performance and usage. Twin Prime is a service that analyzes real-time network data to help users deliver their content faster to any location, device, and network.
 The W3C Payment Request API integrates payment methods into merchants' applications. Callbacks are available via JSON and token and system-level are required to authenticate.
 The OnTop Notification API allows developers to get notifications on their phones that keep them informed about their apps. It can be used to get notified of new app content that requires review, report severe crashes or bugs, receive push notifications from internet-connected devices, and perform simple app analytics and engagement studies.
 iP.1 RESTful API is an integrative messaging solution for broad range of digital communication and web-based data collection instruments such as online surveys. The API automatically dispatches messages to target recipients of the surveys, questionnaires, e-forms, and WebSMS correspondences and allows real-time transmission of respondents’ feedback. iP.1 RESTful stands out as an effective solution for channeling bulk messages to large audiences. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format.
 OpenMarket Global SMS API is a builder platform that simplifies the functionality of SMS messaging programs. It makes it easier for enterprises to broaden the scope and manage the conveyance of SMS to worldwide destinations. The API’s architecture features multiple message originators ranging from short codes and long codes to text-enabled toll-free numbers as well as landline numbers. The provider of the RESTful API, OpenMarket, Inc., a leading provider of cloud solutions for mobile messaging communications, boasts a broad portfolio of customers comprising over 400 business organizations around the world. OpenMarket Global SMS sends requests and returns responses in JSON and XML formats.
 Tozny is an authentication platform that uses crypto on your user's phone as unique identifiers.his platform can be used as a strong cryptography layer for any web site or app. The REST-like Tozny API is used to integrate authentication capabilities; it returns data in JSON format, and uses API Keys. Tozny is a startup based in Portland, Oregon.
 The Accengage API allows developers to integrate push notification services into their applications. Accengage is a European provider of CRM marketing engagement technologies. It can be used to set up, launch, analyze, and optimize a CRM strategy. Accengage provides users with web push, rich-push notifications, in-app messaging, and mobile retargeting services as well as Facebook Messenger Push Notifications.
 PubNative is an API-based mobile publisher platform focused on native advertising. The PubNative API allows developers to request multiple building blocks in order to integrate native advertising into their applications. The API is designed to work for both server-side and client-side applications. PubNative is a service that allows developers to integrate defined and fully customized native ads into their mobile applications and mobile websites.
 The Consumer API is xamoom's core api for all end-user applications. With this API, developers have access to all xamoom location fatures as well as all content delivery mechanisms. This API utilizes location identifiers, Markers, Spots and also Content to allow developers to build their custom apps or mobile web applications. In addition, it also allows developers to retrieve information about the customer's system, like styling, menu configuration and so on. Xamoom is a location focused content management service.
 The xamoom Integration API can be used to integrate content, managed in xamoom, into other Content Management Systems, Websites or even custom applications. It does not use location identifiers, Markers or Spots. This API is purely designed to retrieve Content. Xamoom is a location focused content management service.
 The Miradore Online API is a REST based web service which is intended for integrating Miradore Online with external information systems. Miradore is a cloud-based mobile device management (MDM) solution. It is used over HTTPS with GET method to export data directly from the database of Miradore Online in XML format.
 The Accelerite LaaS API allows developers to access the location information of millions of mobile devices - including basic phones without GPS or data connectivity - in order to create applications that are location-aware. Accelerite LaaS (Location as a Service) is a service for creating context-aware business applications that use the locations of customers, employees, and assets.
 North American Bancard (NAB) is a payment processing platform designed to be developer friendly. This platform offers multi currency support, recurrent billing, virtual terminal, Apple Pay support, and fraud prevention. The Velocity API is used for full integration with Velocity Managed Commerce Services Platform which offers eCommerce, Mobile, and Back Office payment support. This API can be integrated by using REST or SOAP protocols, uses Tokens for authentication, and returns data in JSON or XML formats.
 The Omise API integrates payments and refunds features into mobile applications. Developers can implement by working with REST format and authenticate with token. Omise provides guides to interact with cards, transfers, and banks. Omise is a payment service for Southeast Asia, based in Thailand.
 The AnyChart API is a flexible, cross-platform and cross-browser HTML5/JavaScript charting library. AnyChart charts can be easily made interactive and built in real-time with client-side data updates, multi-level drill-downs and specific parameter updates. The powerful theme engine enables unique presentation experience across your entire set of charts, while PDF and image exporting enable producing printable documents in book quality.
AnyChart offers 4 main products:
*AnyChart JS Charts - interactive HTML5 "basic" JS charts including line, area, gauges, bubble, box plot, error bars, waterfall, polar, and many other chart types.
*AnyStock Financial and Stock JS Charts - interactive HTML5 real-time stock charts with technical indicators (MACD, ROC, SMA, RSI...) which can be used for any date/time based graphs.
*AnyMap JS Maps - interactive HTML5 maps to display sales by region, election results, population density or any other geo-related data.
*AnyGantt JS Gantt Charts - interactive Project (task based), and Schedule (resource based) HTML5 Gantt charts with configurable timeline, data grid and more.
 The JusPay API integrates payments into mobile applications. Protocols include JSON and REST. Developers can authenticate with Key. JusPay is a mobile payments company whose featured products include a payments browser, a checkout application and instant Buy services.
 Samsung Simband is a wearable device to monitor heart rate, blood pressure, and skin temperature. Written in C++ language, developers can access data from SAMI, Samsung's data exchange platform via REST. To authenticate, Simband uses a chip to remotely store a private key used in a SSL server.
 Batch offers a communication platform and notifications infrastructure. This platform features retention analysis, recurring campaigns, reward analytics, and reward engine. The Transactional API is used to send notifications to specific users by using a device token or user IDs. This API is REST based, and uses API Keys for authentication.
 SafetyCulture is an inspection checklist app for the workplace. The SafteyCulture API gives users access to their SafteyCulture data including audits, images, and media. API access requires a premium plan obtained through SafetyCulture. This API is HTTP and JSON formatted.
 Carnival is a marketing system designed for customer retention. Some of Carnival's features include in-app messaging, advanced audience segmentation, customized insights, integration assistance, and behavioral triggering. Carnival offers its API which is REST based, and makes use of HTTP Basic Authentication. Carnival is located in New York and Wellington, New Zealand.
 The Elasticode API helps users integrate Elasticode's capabilities directly. Elasticode is a service to help create more personalized mobile user onboarding experiences. To create an API key, follow the regular path to create an app, and choose the API option. More information about the Elasticode API is available upon contacting Elasticode directly.
 The wercker API is a preview version limited to accessing information about builds, deploys and applications. This API uses several conventions relating to detailed and summarized representations, HTTP verbs, error mapping, and time related fields. Wercker focuses on automating development by moving from code to containers and is a platform for the modern cloud.
 Orchextra is a mobile marketing company based in Spain. The Orchextra platform is used concurrently with customer relationship management, and analytics tools. It features geolocation support, segmentation, and recommendations based on aggregated data and patterns. Developers need to sign up for an account prior to access API documentation.
 The Bitrefill API allows developers to programmatically send money to prepaid phones around the world to purchase additional minutes. Payments through the API are made in Bitcoins. This API currently has support for over 600 operators in 143 different countries. Withdrawing funds is instant and topup usually occurs within 10 minutes.
 The Backand API allows developers to easily integrate a powerful backend-as-a-service for AngularJS and Ionic with their applications. It provides social login, push notifications, a database, hosting, mobile functionality, integration to payment and email services and much more. One of the key features that Backand offers is ORM (object-relational mapping), a method for accessing a relational database from an object-oriented language. Backand also provides features like tracking data changes, logging, role-based security, back-office connectivity and more.
 The SnapScan API is a RESTful-like API that provides authentication, error codes, pagination,and webhooks for developers utilizing the API's services. The SnapScan API provides tools for generating QR codes and URL structures, can query the status of payments that were made against merchant accounts, and mark the end of transaction periods and query all payments completed within associated periods. SnapScan is a mobile payments platform based in Cape Town, South Africa.
 The Anchor Mobile API allows to integrate SMS into mobile marketing applications. Protocols in HTTP are available on the main site, that also offers resources to interact with customers, manage keywords, and lookup carriers. Anchor Mobile provides mobile marketing solutions including text to win or vote promotions, bulk SMS, QR barcode services, social media connections and more.
 The Sierra Wireless AirVantage API allows developers to integrate data into mobile applications. It aims to be particularly useful for wireless projects associated to Internet of Things. Protocols include CSV, JSON, RSS, and XML. Developers can authenticate with Key, token, and OAuth. Sierra Wireless provides innovative connectivity options for the Internet of Things.
 GTX-Messaging HTTP Gateway API allows developers to integrate SMS messaging into their applications, enabling their users to automatically inform customers or business partners through reliable short messages in a blink of an eye. GTX Messaging is based in Germany.
 Swrve is a marketing platform for mobile applications. It features marketing automation, and in-app campaigns. The Swrve Events API is used to send information to the Swrve server regarding numeric bucketing, user sessions and events. This REST API returns data in JSON format, and requires an API Key. Swrve develops analytics and marketing software that delivers "profitable relationships with their target audiences".
 Swrve is a marketing platform for mobile applications. It features marketing automation, and in-app campaigns. The Swrve Push API is used to send push notifications to a Swrve user. In order to use this API, a Transactional Push API Campaign must be created first. This REST API returns data in JSON format, and requires an API Key. Swrve develops analytics and marketing software that delivers "profitable relationships with their target audiences".
 Swrve is a marketing platform for mobile applications. It features marketing automation, and in-app campaigns. The Swrve Referrer API is used to track and send referrer information through a campaign tracker. This REST API returns data in JSON format, and requires an API Key. Swrve develops analytics and marketing software that delivers "profitable relationships with their target audiences".
swrve-a/b-test didn't extract the description
 The moCloud REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of moCloud with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users, deploying and managing applications, and managing stacks. moCloud is an application management platform that allows users to build, run, and deploy their applications.
 With the BaasBox API, developers can integrate backend solutions to mobile applications. The open source interface provides JSON and REST formats accessible with an Api Key. Additional resources include console, plugin engine, and user cases. BaasBox offers backend services for mobile applications.
 The MOCA API offers a variety of services which can be accessed via MOCA's SDKs. The API can be used to automate beacon fleet management, connect your CRM data, schedule proximity campaigns, and query analytics reports. The MOCA API allows developers to access MOCA’s raw data for custom analytics and analysis.
MOCA is a context-aware platform that uses big data solutions to get in-depth data analysis on users' behavior. It helps companies to make real-time data-driven decisions.
This is a private API but developers can access to documentation by signing up for free trial here https://console.mocaplatform.com/signup.
 Riviera Build is a mobile apps distribution tool. Developers will find the Riviera Build API useful for accessing Riviera Build API endpoints and getting information on applications and builds uploaded, and uploading new builds.
 With Reveal Mobile Mobile Insights API, developers can integrate analytics features into application to engage consumers. The documentation includes JSON objects and Key access. Available iOS and Android SDK to supplement mobile integration. Reveal Mobile helps application builders target their users with ads based on location, beacon interactions and other installed applications.
 TheTexting SMS API provides an easy to use HTTP based RESTful API. This API enables developers to use TheTexting services in their applications (i.e. sending bulk sms, receiving sms, etc.) This API has 10+ calls, which allows developers to completely manage their TheTexting account.
TheTexting is a complete SMS marketing solution for all types of businesses, providing cheap rates and quality service.
go!appzone didn't extract the description
 The RhoConnect API allows developers to control, monitor, and debug a running RhoConnect application. RhoConnect is an app integration and data syncing service that allows developers to integrate and synchronize data into their applications for offline access. RhoConnect is based on Redis, a NoSQL data cache. It's available in the cloud, or it can be hosted by the user.
 The LotaData API provides integration of location features with the aim to target mobile advertising efforts. Protocols in JSON. Authorization with API Key. LotaData is a spatiotemporal intelligent service that predicts audiences' habits when they plan their day, attend social events, and shop at their favorite stores.
 The Message Hero SMS aims to provides a way for businesses to integrate SMS into a website, app or software using Message Hero's RESTful SMS API. Message Hero is a UK & Irish-based text message marketing and bulk SMS solution. The service allows users to send special offers, urgent alerts and reminders and news by SMS from a PC to their customers' mobile phones.
 The Tapglue API allows developers to create social products. With Tapglue, users aim to integrate a social graph and a news feed in order to foster user engagement. the API also allows for user profiles and login with real-time activity feed features.
 The 42matters App Market API allows developers to search and access meta-data related to mobile apps that are available on Google Play Store and the Apple AppStore. 42matters offers services for application engagement and market intelligence, as well as full app details, country availability and an app market explorer tool.
 The Smaato API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Smaato with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include user management, publishing advertising, and retrieving metrics on advertising. Smaato is a solution for mobile application monetization and mobile advertising.
 The PredictSpring REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PredictSpring with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. According to the PredictSpring website, developers can use the "API to make product content 'shoppable' through "Buy buttons" on social media or publisher apps." PredictSpring is a mobile commerce solution provider.
 MobileCaddy API provides methods in JavaScript to implement into Salesforce applications. The company provides solutions to deliver a full application lifecycle, beginning with building, testing, and deploying following by managing, monitoring, and enhancing app design.
 InformaCast Mobile API allows developers to enable their users to simultaneously send combinations of text, pre-recorded audio, and images to Android and iOS mobile endpoints such as cellular phones and tablets. While smart devices provide the richest interface and are the primary target, you can also send content via email, SMS messages to any cell phone, and audio calls to any telephone.
 The Fortytwo SMS Gateway REST API is a messaging API. The IM REST interface is an application hosted on a server that listens for HTTP requests containing SMS message data encoded in JSON. It processes the HTTP requests and their associated SMS message data, performs some routing logic, and sends the required messages for onward delivery. The API sends back a JSON response containing information about the SMS. Fortytwo is a provider of messaging solutions.
 The Fortytwo IM Gateway REST API is a messaging API. The IM REST interface is an application hosted on a server that listens for HTTP requests containing IM message data encoded in JSON. It processes the HTTP requests and their associated IM message data, performs some routing logic, and sends the required messages for onward delivery. The API sends back a JSON response containing information about the submitted IM. Fortytwo is a provider of messaging solutions.
 Tizen API for mobile and desktop is available for developers interested in the implementation of Open Source Operating Systems compatible with multiple devices. From smartphones, wearables, tablets, and netbooks, to in-vehicle infotainment systems and Smart TVs, Tizen offers users to make REST calls on a host application with a Bluetooth connection, according to developer Nana Ghartey. Join Tizen forum to explore integration possibilities. Tizen Project is a Linux Foundation Project.
 MobiCart helps eCommerce website providers to create mCommerce mobile applications. Create native iPhone, iPad and Android apps that users can download from app stores and HTML5 web apps that are accessible from a mobile browser. MobiCart Store API aims to facilitate business transactions with mobile devices, providing API features such as store settings, shipping, tax, countries, and states. Available in JSON and XML format, this API can be accessed with a Key. Additional APIs that could enhance integration include Product API, Order API, and Department API.
 Xamarin Unified API allows to share code between Mac and iOS systems, targeting apps of 32 bit and 64 bit. Available formats include JSON, REST, SOAP, and XML. Api Key is the authentication method. Xamarin specializes in mobile app development. Additional company services include Xamarin Test Cloud, Xamarin Insights, and Xamarin University.
 Cognalys is a multiplatform mobile number verification service. The API available in JSON, JSONP, and XML formats helps developers to integrate two factor authentication instead of the traditional SMS OTP technology. Cognalys aims to offer a less expensive authentication method for users in more than 195 countries.
 The Yozio REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Yozio with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Yozio is a platform that helps mobile application publishers and advertisers grow their user base via deep linking, personalization, closed loop attribution, and other technology.
 qx.Mobile API provides developers a way to build and integrate low level components for mobile devices. Qooxdoo is a universal JavaScript framework, and is owned and managed by 1&1, a web host company.
 The Boopsie REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Boopsie with other applications and to create new applications. The main API method is connecting applications with any integrated library system (ILS) and retrieving information about library materials. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Boopsie provides library system integrations and other features to help libraries create their own mobile applications.
 Revinate is a software for hotels that aims to facilitate online reputation with the use of social media reviews. The company intends to revolutionize guest profiles with the goal to increase satisfaction and ROI. This API is about accessing hotel reputation data. It allows partners to integrate hotel ratings into business applications and websites. A recent release by Revinate is inGuest, a service that has the potential to engage guests through targeted marketing campaigns. Get in touch with Revinate to request a demo and ask for protocols & authentication.
https://www.revinate.com/contact/
 The Telstra SMS REST API sends SMS messages to Australian mobile phones in a single request. This API allows applications to send and receive messages, as well as querying the status of a previously sent SMS message. Telstra is an Australian telecommunications company that has mobile phone SMS service.
 The Localytics Query REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Localytics with other applications. Some example API methods include searching for users, retrieving user activities, and retrieving event information. Localytics is a marketing and analytics platform for web and mobile applications. Some features of Localytics include engagement analysis, segmentation, and acquisition management.
 The Localytics Push REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Localytics messaging with other applications. The main API method is sending push messages to application users. Localytics is a marketing and analytics platform for web and mobile applications. Some features of Localytics include engagement analysis, segmentation, and acquisition management.
 The Internet Game Database API provides video game, video game company and employee information. The Internet Game Database is a comprehensive database dedicated to providing information about video games for game consumers and video game professionals, and works towards building a bridge between the gamer community and the industry.
 The Amazon Mobile Ads API was released in the Spring of 2015 with the aim to monetize mobile apps and games in Android, iOS, and Fire devices. Users now have the opportunity to increase earnings with Amazon Mobile Ad Network. Differentiators include improved eCPM (effective cost per mille or 1,000 clicks), cross platform solution, high quality ads, and easy integration and tracking.
 The Clef API allows developers to integrate Clef's two-factor authentication service into their applications. This authentication service uses no passwords or tokens. Instead, the end user simply holds their smartphone in front of their computer screen to authenticate. Clef also uses Apple's Touch ID technology to identify the user's fingerprints. If the user's device doesn't support Touch ID, a PIN can be substituted, so there's always a second authentication factor.
 The Uplette REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Uplette with other applications. Public documentation isn't available; API access comes with account service. Uplette is a mobile advertising platform for advertisers and publishers.
 The CallDirek REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CallDirek with other applications. Some example API methods include managing accounts, retrieving balance information, topping off voice credits, and making calls. CallDirek is a web and mobile application for pinless international calling and making voice phone calls.
 The API for Google Chromecast iOS supports Apple mobile devices to display entertainment in a TV screen. Within Google developers site, users can access guides to design, send, and receive media. Available in the reference section, API overview, Chrome API, and iOS API.
 The API for Google Chromecast in Java supports Android devices with the aim to display mobile entertainment in a TV screen. Documentation includes classes to interact with Google cast devices, instructions to access Google APIs, and tools to facilitate support. The sample section allows to import code from GitHub and download examples from Android studio.
 Google Chromecast is a Google device that displays mobile entertainment in a TV screen. The API offers documentation to interact with the sender or media content and to work with the receiver or the display screen. Sender API reference covers parameters for configuration, requests, and all that is related to media (volume, display, TV show). Receiver API consist of parameters for cast receiver, media playback, and possible properties (connected, inactivity, standby). Available index of all classes and functions. More info about how to support Cast API supported by Google includes sample apps and developer resources.
 The ShepHertz App42 Cloud Push Notification API allows developers to send cross platform push messages. This API supports iOS, Android, and Windows Phone. ShepHertz Technologies is a cloud company that specializes in many aspects of data management.
 The OneSignal REST API allows developers to access the functionality of OneSignal for integration with other websites and applications. Some example API methods include managing push notifications, managing account information, and sending push notifications. OneSignal is a push notification service for mobile and web applications and websites. OneSignal also offers a variety of SDKs.
 The BoldChat REST API, by LogMeIn, reveals to developers BoldChat functionalities and chat event data to other systems, such as CRM or Ticketing integration software that implements bidirectional JSON REST API calls. In addition, with the BoldChat REST API, the Data Extraction and Reporting methods allow developers to export data into external systems for analysis and reporting.
 Forge SMS API by Acision is a RESTful text messaging platform. This API provides various ways to send and receive messages by using a secure server between the customer and commercial mobile network providers. This API uses HTTP(S) GET method for requests and responses are in XML. Forge SMS requires customer IP-addresses to be whitelisted for security.
Acision provides communication services to enterprise, such as text messaging, multi-media messaging and carrier infrastructure platforms. Acision has developed a suite of cloud-based messaging APIs and SDKs to provide communication services to businesses.
 EdX Mobile API lets developers build applications for students to view course information and videos for courses on the developer's instance of Open edX. This API uses REST design principles and support the JSON data-interchange format. EdX is a provider of online classes covering many different topics.
 The JustVisual REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of JustVisual. The main API method is uploading images and searching for visually similar images for products such as furniture and flowers and plants. JustVisual is a service that allows users to find visually similar products, such as furniture and flowers and plants, from merchants in the United States.
 The Google Play Game Services API allows developers to add features such as achievements, leaderboards, events, quests, and multiplayer support to their web and mobile games. It can also be used to analyze player behavior by defining events and capturing metrics about those events. "Getting Started" instructions are provided for iOS, Android, C++, and web-based games.
 Use this API to access TeleMessage's REST API. Calls to the API are made via HTTPS with returns in JSON. Authentication is via HTTP Basic Auth. Telemessage is a business messaging app for sending secure messages among colleagues. This API allows users to send a message and also receive a notification on the status of the message. See the API documentation for code samples and detailed instructions on getting started.
 The Combain Positioning Service (CPS) API offers access to mobile positioning. The API uses POST and JSON, and authenticates via API Key. Using the Combain database of cell-id, wifi address data, and GPS the API will determine the location of a device. The CPS API can indicate a location either indoor or outdoor. Request an API Key for free from Combain.
 Use this API to access TeleMessage's SOAP API. The API uses HTTP and XML and authenticates via HTTP Basic Auth. Telemessage is a business messaging app for sending secure messages among colleagues. See the API documentation for code samples and detailed instructions on getting started.
 The Sinch Verification API allows developers to integrate Sinch phone number verification services into their applications. Developers also have the option to check the progress of an ongoing verification request in order to understand the status of the API call.
The Sinch Verification API supports Flash Call (Android only) and SMS PIN verification for iOS, Android, and JavaScript.
 The Re4Charge REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Re4Charge with other applications. Some example API methods include sending payments, recharging accounts, and managing user information. API documentation is available with account service. Re4Charge is a mobile phone recharging and payment system.
 The SEED REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SEED with other applications and to create new applications using JSON. Some example API methods include managing members and users, retrieving and managing transfers and wires, and retrieving individuals. SEED is a mobile banking provider for businesses. SEED offers ACH transfers and wire transfer capabilities for businesses.
 The Paynova API supports all aspects of payment processing for online retailers in Europe. Use the API to create and send invoices, accept payments and issue refunds, and process orders. The API exposes services in both REST and SOAP, and accepts requests in XML, JSON, JSV, CSV, or MessagePack. Authentication is done via HTTP Basic Auth. Paynova API accepts many different payment methods and currency types. See the documentation for a full outline of payment methods/currency types and for extensive information on implementing the API.
 DreamFactory is a free open source REST API platform that runs in the cloud or on premises. Single-click installers are available for most of the Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) cloud vendors. You can also run DreamFactory on a Linux, Windows, or Mac desktop computer. The software package includes a complete LAMP Stack with PHP and a dedicated SQL database that can be installed on any server. A free hosted developer sandbox environment is also available.
 The OneSignal REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of OneSignal with other applications. Some example API methods include scheduling and delivering push notifications for mobile and web applications. OneSignal is a push notification platform for mobile and web applications.
 The Branch Metrics REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Branch Metrics with other applications. Some example API methods include creating a deep link URL, retrieving credit counts, and redeeming credits. Branch Metrics is a referral system that uses links, webhooks, and branch links for user referral functionality.
 The Eventjoy REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Eventjoy with other applications using JSON. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Eventjoy for API access. Eventjoy is an event ticketing platform that is free and optimized for mobile devices.
 The Eatabit.io API facilitates online ordering and in-restaurant printing for restaurant delivery services. The API uses JSON over HTTPS and requests are authenticated via HTTP Basic Auth. Use the API to manage online ordering and send orders directly to the restaurant kitchen for printing via Eatabit's custom printer. The API can also offer delivery and pick up time estimates.
 The YesGraph REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of YesGraph with other applications. Some example API methods include posting and retrieving referrals by social network, retrieving user information, and retrieving and managing contacts. YesGraph is a referral system for mobile applications that displays the users most likely to accept invitations and referrals at the top of lists.
 This Speech Recognition API is provided by Yandex and requires an API Key, which are available by request. The API currently supports queries (general search requests) and maps (for accessing addresses) in Turkish and Russian languages. With interfaces for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone, this app offers developers the ability to integrate voice input interfaces into their mobile apps. See their extensive Doxygen documentation for detailed instructions on getting started with the Speech Recognition API
 Judo Marketplace can be used to provide card acceptance as well as automate fee collection for users. Judo Marketplace is thus good for businesses which connect customers with other businesses or sellers. The Marketplace API enables the programmatic access to marketplace admin functions and payment processing features, allowing users to host a marketplace, publish multiple apps for multiple customers, automate payments and fees, and more.
 Go Processing is an Indian multilevel payment services provider. The Go Processing Payment Gateway API and Recharge API enables programmatic bill paying and refill of a user's mobile account. The categories of the Recharge API options include Mobile recharge API, DTH Recharge API, Bills payment API, Data card recharge API, Money transfer API and ticket booking API, all accessible using HTTP requests with JSON or XML formats. Go Processing offers the interface, a client application, and a server application. With an MIS online portal included, batch request processing with the API is also possible.
 Rapt Media is a platform that allows users to create and build interactive video features for any device, platform, or application. The Rapt Media API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Rapt Media with other applications and devices and to create new applications. API access is available with Rapt Media enterprise accounts.
 Connect Media offers an API for bulk SMS distribution,. The platform includes a Gateway and IT support systems to enable direct SMS sent from websites. The RESTful API works in XML format, and requests to the API must be sent with the text message intended to send, a password, text ID, and username, and API key for processing. Connect Media supports SMS coverage within Kenya.
at&t-advertising didn't extract the description
 PressureNet.io is a company that provides atmosphere data and software intelligence for improving weather and climate forecasting. They've built an open source platform that collects live atmosphere data from Android smartphones locate around the world. This network takes 5 million measurements per day. Atmosphere researchers can access a feed of this data from the PressureNet API.
 Link technology allows users to include links to rich digital content in their printed documents. Users can create digital watermarks, QR codes, and short URLs to add to their posters, labels, business cards, invitations, flyers, and any other printed items. Digital watermarks and QR codes can be scanned by mobile devices to take people directly to linked digital content. The Link Developer API allows users to create watermarked images, short URLs, and QR codes and analyze their traffic. The API also lets users update the destinations linked to by watermarks and QR codes anytime, even long after they have been created and printed.
 AppCorner is a discount listing service that catalogues deals and price drops on the App Store. Deals include iPhone, iPad and Mac discounted apps from App Store worldwide. The AppCorner.it API can be integrated into 3rd party websites or applications to showcase special deals and earn commission through the iTunes Affiliate Program. The AppCorner project is open sourced and can be forked on GitHub. The AppCorner API uses JSON and is RESTful.
 Fortumo is mobile payment platform that offers users the ability to make and process payments on the cloud. The Fortumo Reporting API lets developers integrate its features with their applications, allowing businesses to request data for the full revenue report. Responses are in CSV format, and the API uses personal Reporting API key for authentication.
 Massenversand.de is an international SMS messaging service based in Germany. Their SMS gateway services provide users with bulk SMS capabilities, a web payment system, and HTTP and email integration for receiving SMS. The ability to send messages using international characters is also supported. Most of the service's functions are available via API. Much of the massenversand.de website's content and API documentation is available exclusively in German.
1linx-operator-look-up didn't extract the description
 The Reach API pulls data from mobile forms to automatically send messages. It's great for communicating with your customers and other key stakeholders either individually or in bulk. You can use the API to send marketing messages, appointment reminders, delivery notifications and much more.
And, integration is really easy. You can connect to our interfaces over HTTPS, allowing you to send texts directly from your app, website or other software. The Reach API uses a RESTful endpoint and our request and response payloads are formatted as JSON, with GET as an alternative.
 Square helps consumers to pay with card in a mobile environment. For a business that prefers to keep all sales information in a settled location, Square Stand is the choice. In contrast, if the enterprise is mobile, Square Reader is the alternative. With the aim to ease commerce, Square offers The Connect API. This application provides HTTP endpoints to retrieve reports for users' payments, refunds, and settlements. It also allows to manage merchant's items. Square Connect API is about point of sale transactions with cards using iPad, iPhone, and Android. Additional resources of transactions, OAuth, and eCommerce are available on Square site.
 Decisive is a New York based SaaS company that empowers app developers with a platform to create, manage, and analyze large scale app advertising campaigns across multiple networks. The Decisive Developer API can be implemented for access to 10 billion daily impressions, and the API can also integrate other common tracking platforms. Decisive deploys machine learning and algorithms to optimize campaign success. Currently, public documentation of the Decisive Developer API is not available, but interested parties can submit their email to apply for access to the Decisive Developer program.
 Hired On Phone Jobs allows to post, list, and search for employment in the information technology field. Because this API is relatively new, few jobs are posted on the site. What users can see is an interface with the bar searches of 'what' and 'where.' When users click on a work link, they will see the name of the company, location, desired skills, description, and a button to apply for the job. Over time, Hired On Phone will release apps for Android and iOS platforms that will permit the same job search from a mobile phone.
 Kite.ly is a B2B print on demand platform API built for businesses and developers. Kite.ly prints multiple products, including polaroid style, square style, magnets, and postcards, and facilitates direct worldwide delivery.
Kite.ly uses HTTP and allows language wrappers in Android, iOS, and Python. Kite.ly also allows customization through the ability to upload your own PDFs.
 The Testdroid Cloud REST API allows subscribed users to test their application on the latest Android and iOS devices at once. The Cloud-based API delivers detailed test results, full logcat outputs and screenshots of devices for side-by-side comparisons of test results. Testdroid Cloud uses OAuth 2.0, and the service is SSL encrypted.
 The Cisco Meraki CMX (Connected Mobile Experience) API displays real-time location analytic data to improve customer support and engagement. Data collected is reported to a dashboard which reveals visitor traffic trends, dwell time and new or repeated visitor loyalty. This API is easy to set-up and has flexible functionality as it delivers JSON data that can be used with 3rd-party or custom applications.
close-to-the-point didn't extract the description
 IPSW is an independent resource that enables users to find links to download iOS firmware. Developers can integrate with the IPSW API in order to receive site notifications as well as reminders when new updates are released. The site also includes links to resources to aid in jailbreaking devices. The API is made up of different parameters that can access different bots for specific information channels: Firmware, PwnageTool, fwlinksbot, iTunes, and redsn0w. The API and service is hosted by "Just a Penguin," a resource for Apple TV, Mac OSX & iOS users.
 Apache Cordova provides device APIs that allow a mobile app developer to access native device functions from JavaScript. This, combined with a UI framework allows a smartphone app to be developed with just HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
The Cordova APIs assist in apps being built without any native code from the app developer. Instead, web technologies are used, and they are hosted in the app itself locally.
 Kandy offers cloud services in real time for voice, video, co-browsing, SMS, WebRTC, mobile, analytics, and conferences. The API is about cloud services for businesses. In the site, developers can find request format, response format, and response codes. Authentication and security are also available to facilitate integration.
 The Microsoft Telephony Application Programming Interface (TAPI) offers an API that aims to facilitate telephonic connections between 2 or more devices. In the site, developers can find Windows device application development, registry settings, references, settings, and configurations.
 Thailand Mobile Recharge is an API provided by ThailandTopup.com for topping up the credits on prepaid mobile phones from the three major Thai mobile phone networks - AIS 12call, DTAC Happy, and True Move. From a single account, users can add credits to any prepaid mobile phone on those networks. An Auto Lookup feature allows users to look up the network associated with a phone number in real time. Users can pay for credits through PayPal or Thai Bank Transfer.
 Poken offers mobile apps and branding solutions for corporate-sponsored events. Their trademarked USB stick can sync with detectors to retrieve information from hotspots at trade-shows & events, with the goal to network and generate more leads. Poken exposes it's core API accessible in XML formats for partners authenticated for API usage. Using the API, developers can program calls to retrieve user data, create an manage accounts, add devices, get friend lists, send bonus points, and more.
 Dolby develops audio for games, mobile, PCs, films, and home theaters. With Dolby Audio API users can integrate various features into an application, such as volume leveling, surround virtualizer, audio optimizer, and dolby digital pass-through. The main value of this API is the audio enhancement for apps related to music, movies, and games. The site mentions that this API takes 15 minutes to integrate. The website also shows quick start guide, API package, code snippet, specs, and sample app download. Additional information is available for Kindle Fire, Android, Windows 8, and XBOX, Wii, and PS4 game consoles.
 mTrip develops mobile solutions for the travel industry. The mTrip API can be used by tour operators, travel agencies, and their partners to sync client-side data systems with the mTrip platform. The mTrip API could be used to add traveler's trip information into a 3rd party application, including data on transportation options, activities, accommodations, and more, tailoring specific travel guide information to Individual travelers.
 The Yahoo Gemini API brings native ads and mobile search together to allow advertisers to manage their campaigns more efficiently. Working with a set of RESTful objects, developers will are able to: automate campaign management, target campaigns by factors like location or interests, and receive reports to measure effectiveness of the campaign. After receipt of an API Key developers can use the example PHP code to get started.
print-from-windows-phone didn't extract the description
 Zurmo is a mobile open source CRM system & platform. The service offers gaming & social enhancements to increase participation. Zurmo APIs compliment the service by offering exchange of data between platform users, including account information, search ability, leads & task generation, role assignment, currency conversion, and more. The API uses a GET method and accepts a JSON protocol.
 Visualize data with Indicative, a service that provides the main value of business analytics. Even though the API is currently in Beta stage, the documents are available in the website and in Github. Indicative invites developers to contact them for application creation. The API is about data analysis for business. Developers who work with large amount of e-commerce information could benefit from this service that aims to provide smart dashboards, segmentation, versatile funnels, cohort analysis and effortless integration for web and mobile. Indicative offers access through an API key along with development and best practices with REST and JSON protocols. Developers can contact Indicative via e-mail to ensure the success of application development.
 AppearIQ offers enterprise-level mobile development solutions for cross platform applications. The RESTful Integration API evokes the platform server to notify it of new data or to query content.
 Mobile Automated Systems is a mobile telecommunications provider that automates the process of sending and receiving bulk text alerts. With the Mobile Automated System's API, developers can interface with the Mobile Automated Systems messaging gateway from any application or website. Using the API to access this portal, SMS campaigns can be created, scheduled, and launched. The API parameters include naming recipients, the sender ID to be displayed, and the text message to be sent. Basic account maintenance can be performed, as the API allows the ability to check account balance. Users are authenticated according to the username and password sent with the corresponding parameters.
 Leanplum is an integrated optimization tool for mobile applications. It comes with content management services for handling mobile content as well as marketing automation services, mobile A/B testing, and analytics. Developers can integrate Leanplum's functions into their applications using the service's REST API.
 CoSwitched sells its own M2M SIM cards, as well as SIM cards from partner operators. CoSwitched SIM cards can connect to multiple networks, have no roaming charges, can perform data traffic analyses, and come with reporting and monitoring features. The CoSwitched API allows users to activate or deactivate a SIM card, locate a SIM card, retrieve a list of SIM cards or devices, retrieve a SIM card's information, and get the Call Detail Records list for a specific SIM card.
 Apifon is an enterprise mobile messaging service allowing companies to distribute SMS for worldwide consumption. The service offers real time tracking and fast deliverability standards. Their cloud based API allows developers to enable a script for existing web based applications using a BET/POST method. Companies are thus able to can schedule and edit campaigns, check balances, create custom sending IDs, and view and export delivery reports in various formats all through their web based platform.
 Mobstac Commerce is a platform that helps users build mobile commerce applications. It's designed to work well with e-commerce backends, such as Magento, and can handle heavy-duty functions like content caching, image resizing, auto-scaling, and managing traffic spikes. Mobstac also comes with built-in integrations for payment service providers, like Stripe, and is capable of maintaining synchronized shopping carts and wishlists across desktop, mobile, and tablet devices.
 Kinetise is an application building service and backend-as-a-service for creating, building, and managing applications for mobile. The Kinetise API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kinetise with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing users, creating events, and integrating application features.
 Number Portability Lookup is a service for finding the network operators of cell phone numbers around the world. It can also identify numbers that are disconnected, invalid, or non-mobile. It does this by querying the home location register (HLR) of the phone's operator network. The Number Portability Lookup API allows users to perform lookups and access HLR data from within their own applications.
 Kakao is a Korean based company providing social networks, instant messaging, and gaming services. KakaoTalk, KakaoStory, KakaoAlbum, KakaoPage, KakaoGroup, KakaoMusic, and KakaoGame are just a few of their services.
KakaoTalk API provides Profile Request services. KakaoTalk users can use their account to login into the app.
 Eazita provides global bulk SMS services that cover more than 760 networks in over 210 countries. The Eazita SMS API allows developers to integrate Eazita's SMS Gateway into their applications so that they can send SMS, receive SMS, and check the delivery status of sent SMS from within those applications.
 Retain.cc is a tool for sending emails, in-app notifications, in-app conversations, and mobile push notifications to users based on their personal information and behaviors. Retain.cc specializes in event-triggered messaging, but it can also handle transactional emails and newsletters. Both automatic and manual messaging options are available. The Retain.cc API allows developers to create, get, and update information on both users and companies.
 MobStac is mobile commerce platform for developers and agencies to create exceptional apps for e-commerce businesses and consumer brands across iOS, Android and Windows. The MobStac API lets developers enable in-app payments in over 100 currencies and catalog sync between a desktop e-commerce site and mobile app.
 Splitforce is a mobile application A/B testing service. Splitforce provides various testing features, such as cross-platform testing, integration testing, and targeted user segment testing. The Splitforce API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Splitforce with other applications. API access comes with account service.
 Sinch gives mobile developers a way to add communication into their apps. The platform lets developers integrate voice and messaging into their app in minutes with a few lines of code.
 Telstra is an Australian telephony company and internet service provider. Telstra provides various plans for personal and business mobile, tablet, phone, and internet needs. The Telstra API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Telstra with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include accessing contacts, managing messages, and access locations.
 Kakao is a Korean based company providing social networks, instant messaging, and gaming services. KakaoTalk, KakaoStory, KakaoAlbum, KakaoPage, KakaoGroup, KakaoMusic, and KakaoGame are just a few of their services.
The KakaoStory API is a cacao API that provides the following services: Profile Request, Contributions, and Request My Story. Cacao customers can use their account to login to the app, and only they have access.
 The ClickSend API intends to offer a cloud-based SMS service by sending SMS programmatically. The API intends to integrate the service into applications, websites, or software. Possible uses include billing reminders, following up with customers, delivery notifications, and alert sending.
 Loupse is an application that allows users to remotely control computers, even when the user and the targeted computers are in separate countries. With Loupse, users can shutdown, restart, or lock the screen of a computer remotely. The app is still under development, but API documentation is already available. Users are expected to be able to access Loupse's functions from the website, mobile application, or REST API.
 TeleCash is a mobile money service from Telecel. Subscribers can conduct money transactions with their mobile phone.
The TeleCash API enables the validation of credit cards, the storing of credit card data in the TeleCash DataStorage, and the creation of credit card payments.
 Unison is a collaboration service that allows users to create "rooms" as workspaces for each of their teams or projects. Rooms allow users to store and share their files, questions, and ideas all in one place. Unison's rooms instantly sync across all devices and can be used to track team member's activities and see what posts they've read. Users can turn a room into an audio conference instantly by clicking a button. One-on-one audio and video calls are also available.
 FieldAware is a field project management service that combines mobile apps, invoicing, business management, scheduling, quotes, and reporting into a single platform service. The FieldAware API is designed to simplify the process of integrating the FieldAware system with existing accounting, ERP, CRM and other business systems.The API uses REST calls to pass data to accounting, ERP, and CRM systems for invoicing, process improvement, payroll, human resource management, management reporting and other critical business functions. An account is required with service.
 The Vibration API from Mozilla enables web apps with the ability to access the vibration hardware included on mobile devices. Using javascript, it is designed to addresses the need for tactile feedback. It can enable alerts within mobile web applications.
Per provider, API specifications are not yet stabilized.
 The Chicago Food Truck Finder site features a map, list of vendors, weekly schedule for common food truck sites, and a blog tracking the mobile food scene in Chicago.
Its REST API allows other application developers to use the Chicago food truck location data as well.
 This Vancouver, B.C. based software and app developer company has created mobile apps to locate food trucks in a small but growing number of Canadian and U.S. cities.
The Street Food App API lets developers add the food trucks' scheduled stops to their own websites or applications.
 Built.io is an online platform for building web and mobile applications. Built.io offers a variety of tools and features for users to create, build, and manage web and mobile applications.
The Built.io API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Built.io with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving applications, managing users, and uploading features and files.
 Doluna is a user verification service that uses a mobile phone for performing two-factor authentication. Once the user submits the recipient's phone number, Doluna generates and sends a one-time PIN code via SMS. At the same time, Doluna gives the user a transaction key which they can check against the recipient's PIN. Doluna can be used to validate end users, verify phone numbers, and protect against fraudulent activity. Integration is accomplished via API and requires simple REST calls.
 Cloud.IQ is a shopping cart recovery and audit service that aims to increase the online sales of its clients. The site offers cart recovery to contact customers that left a site before purchasing items that were left in the users cart, cart audit to evaluate the contents of the abandoned carts to estimate lost sales, and callback, an online sales assistant service. The Cloud.IQ API uses REST calls, and allow users to build email, sms, and call back solutions into applications. The API can be used to launch targeted campaigns, send simple email reminders, as well as track the effectiveness of messaging.
 Amplitude is a mobile analytics platform. Amplitude provides data and statistics and information about mobile applications to inform decision making by the mobile application publishers and developers.
The Amplitude API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Amplitude with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving data, managing users, and pulling reports.
 Two Tap is an application that allows mobile and web application publishers and developers to integrate purchasing and buying features into their applications. Two Tap allows app users to purchase things directly from the application.
The Two Tap API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Two Tap with other applications. Some example API methods include adding things to shopping carts, sending purchase confirmation, and retrieving purchasing information.
 Jagrit Recharge is an Indian company that provides bulk SMS, mobile recharge, and reseller services. Its bulk SMS service comes with Unicode support, multiple number input methods, and the ability to automatically remove duplicate numbers from recipient lists. Users can integrate Jagrit Recharge's bulk SMS capabilities into their own applications using REST, SMPP, or FTP calls.
 Business Texter is a customer support and advertising service that allows companies to automate responses to general inquiries that users submit.
The Business Texter API provides the basic categorization of inbound messages so that user systems can auto reply with appropriate responses. These responders trained using artificial intelligence machine learning techniques from data sets coming from the Android App called BizTexter built by www.businesstexter.com.
 Beepsend provides messaging services to mobile operators, SMS aggregators, and enterprise clients. The Beepsend API exposes a variety of SMS services and support functions. The API is able to send messages, retrieve analytics, manage contacts, and much more. The API is available as a robust RESTful API as well as a light weight HTTP API.
 Toshl is a personal spending tracker that helps users monitor what they're spending their money on. Expenses can be entered in any currency through mobile apps or the Toshl website. Users can create budgets for specific categories of spending and get reminders for recurring monthly expenses. Users can view summaries of their spending using fun graphs and visualizations, and they can also export financial calculations in CSV format.
 Apportable is a platform to convert iOS games into games that can work on the Android platform as well. Apportable allows developers to create and maintain games for Android without having to change a lot of code.
The Apportable API and SDK allow developers to access and integrate the functionality of Apportable with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, transforming games, and user management.
 The Localytics Profiles REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Localytics Profiles with other applications. The main API methods are storing and retrieving information about user profiles. Localytics is a marketing and analytics platform for web and mobile applications. Some features of Localytics include engagement analysis, segmentation, and acquisition management.
 Taplytics is a mobile data and metrics analysis platform. Taplytics provides various features to view, analyze, and access mobile application data and metrics.
The Taplytics API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Taplytics with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving data, downloading metrics, and managing user accounts.
 StreamWIDE is a company that provides carrier-grade Value Added Services (VAS) to mobile service providers. One of these services is Call Screening, which allows users to filter calls using acceptance and denial lists, time-based filters, behavior-based filters, delays on incoming or outgoing communications, and more. StreamWIDE provides users with SOAP, XML-RPC, and JSON-RPC APIs that enable them to integrate with the Call Screening service.
 Vectramind is a mobile marketing and advertising service that provides mobile CRM, two-way SMS, mobile ticketing, QR codes, and more. Users can send SMS, MMS, and USSD programmatically via API, allowing them to integrate the ability to send bulk marketing messages into their applications and systems using SOAP, REST, or SMPP calls.
 Telerik Platform is a mobile application development platform that combines a set of tools for developing applications for multiple platforms with cloud services that manage the application lifecycle process.
Telerik Platform provides an adaptive framework for creating applications regardless of whether the application runs on the Web, native or hybrid mode.
 PlayCanvas is a platform for building and managing mobile and web video games. PlayCanvas provides a JavaScript API for building HTML5 video games. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Interested developers should email support@playcanvas.com for more information.
 Adtile is a mobile advertising platform. Adtile integrates advertising within mobile applications to build the ads into the user experience.
The Adtile API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Adtile with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service for publishers.
 [This API is no longer available. Its functions have been split among the following APIs: Mendix Client, Mendix Model, Mendix Stories, Mendix Projects, Mendix Profile, Mendix Permissions, Mendix Invite, Mendix Build, Mendix Feedback, Mendix User Management, Mendix Single Sign-On, Mendix Team Server, and Mendix Deploy. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
Mendix is a mobile application building platform. Mendix offers a variety of features and functionality to build mobile applications.
The Mendix API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Mendix with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
 TSYS is a payment acceptance service that provides a services from payment processing and merchant services, to gift card servicing and exchange rate payment services. The TSYS API allows users to integrate third-party applications with the payment processing service and other products with an emphasis on the mobile services. TSYS uses SSL for authentication. Documentation access requires registration.
 Captain Pass is a web service allowing businesses to build, distribute, and manage PassBook Passes. The Captain Pass API provides a RESTful interface for creating, delivering, and updating passes. The API is able to create passes such as coupons, tickets, store cards, member cards, and transport tickets, for all major mobile platforms.
 Paymate is a secure payment system enabling users to accept credit card payments both online and via mobile devices. The Paymate API allows developers to programmatically update payment statuses, recover lost orders not recorded at the seller site, and to validate payments.
 [This API is now TUNE In-App Marketing. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
MobileDevHQ is a mobile application marketing platform. MobileDevHQ offers various features and services to application publishers, marketers, and developers to increase application downloads.
The MobileDevHQ API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of MobileDevHQ with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
 JOLO is an India-based provider of messaging, web hosting, and mobile recharging services. JOLO's Recharge service allows users to recharge their mobile phones, DTHs, and data cards online. Developers wanting to offer these services to end users on their own websites or applications can integrate with the JOLO Recharge API. In exchange for an annual API access fee, they get paid a commission for every recharge.
 PageOne is a company that provides mobile communication solutions to organizations throughout the UK. Their SOAP API allows users to enable their applications to send and receive SMS in over 300 countries. The API supports text, binary SMS, and flash messaging and provides delivery acknowledgement after sending. It can also handle location-specific functions like targeting recipients in a given area, providing local information, and tracking resources or equipment. Additional methods of connecting to PageOne's messaging gateway include REST, SMPP, SMTP, and SCP.
 Mozeo is a mobile marketing platform that allows users to create mobile websites and to send SMS and email messages. Mozeo users can create multiple users for a single account and control their access to different parts of the platform. The messaging aspect of the service comes with contact list cleaners, reporting functions, and APIs for integrating SMS and email messaging capabilities into other applications. Mozeo's API documentation is not publicly available.
 Skycore is a mobile marketing solutions provider that offers its users both SMS (Short Message Service) and MMS (Multimedia Message Service) capabilities via REST API. Users can also create message templates that are automatically customized for the recipient. The Skycore API includes methods for sending and receiving messages as well as for getting delivery reports on previously sent messages.
 Voxox is a company that provides communication services over mobile devices and PCs. They offer a variety of VoIP telephony services, including SIP Trunks, hosted PBX, carrier services, and SMS messaging. The Voxox API provides developers with methods for sending, receiving, and tracking the status of SMS messages programmatically via REST calls.
 MobiCheckin is a guest registration and check-in application for professional event organizers. Users can check guests in and monitor arrivals using mobile iOS devices. They can also manage guest lists, badges, and invites online. The MobiCheckin API provides users with programmatic methods for working with events, guests, check-ins, signatures, and exhibitors.
 Imgble is a online service that formats a specified image to best fit in different mobile screens. The Imgble API allows users to submit images to be reformatted. The API includes features to specify the height and width, the output format, and add over 20 effects to the image. The API is free to use.
 Mapillary uses crowdsourced photos to map different parts of the world. Users can take photos with their mobile devices and upload the photos to the Mapillary website. Mapillary is currently in public Beta. The Mapillary API allows users to use latitude and longitude coordinates to search for and retrieve information on images and sequences of images.
 Elmah.io is an error tracking service that allows users to log errors in the cloud. Users can easily search through their error logs via advanced search capabilities, and the level of access that individual users have can be altered based on their role. Elmah.io lets users hide bugs that have already been fixed; preventing them from cluttering up the log, but not actually deleting the information. All data is replicated to prevent any accidental data loss. Elmah.io is designed for mobile accessibility, and it integrates readily with popular issue trackers.
 MobileMinerApp allows users to monitor and control bitcoin, litecoin, and other cryptocurrency mining rigs remotely. The MobileMinerApp API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to query for mining statistics as well as execute commands to the pool. Users must obtain an API key for use.
 Based in Kenya, Lipisha offers a payment platform for businesses that enables them to collect, process and integrate payments from customers and clients using mobile money such as M-Pesa or Airtel Money.
The Lipisha API allows developers to integrate with the Lipisha payments system. The API carries out a number of activities including creating a new payment account, querying for transactions, Sending mobile money, charge a credit or debit card, transferring funds between different Lipisha accounts, and more.
 Achta is a company based in Ireland that offers cloud based SEPA services for IBAN validation, mandate management, and credit transfers. Achta has extensive experience in advising corporations on cash management payment solutions and how those solutions can be integrated into existing business processes.
Achta offers a realtime payment validation API for their Achtavate service, a cloud based, SEPA-ready payment solution. The API performs IBAN Validation, converts SortCodes and account numbers, checks BIC codes, and validates other payments reference data to ensure SEPA-compliance. An account with service it required.
 "Project Ingeborg" (pingeb.org) is designed to promote local artists using samples of their work. Artists can put up stickers or flyers with QR codes on them that passers-by can scan using the Pingeborg app on their mobile devices. This will open a link to iTunes, Amazon, or the artist's mobile website. Users can query information on QR codes that have been used to tag objects and any downloads associated with them using the RESTful API.
 KidoZen is a mobile application backend-as-a-service platform. KidoZen allows mobile application developers backend solutions for existing applications and for building and managing new applications.
The KidoZen API and SDK allow developers to access and integrate the functionality of KidoZen with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, managing application features, and managing users.
 Pollfish is a survey and poll creation service. Pollfish allows users to create, send, and track mobile surveys and polls to their customers, users, and anyone they want to gather responses from.
The Pollfish API and SDK allow developers to access and integrate the functionality of Pollfish with other applications. Some example methods include sending surveys, integrating monetization, and retrieving survey results.
 Appercode is a universal application platform for smart devices such as mobile phones, tablets, and other smart devices. Appercode allows developers to unify platforms across devices for their applications.
The Appercode API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Appercode with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@appercode for more information.
 Fleksy is a keyboard application that replaces the native keyboards on smartphones and tablets. Fleksy's typing operates on a predictive text technology.
The Fleksy API and SDK allow developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fleksy with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for more information: http://fleksy.com/getmysdk/.
 Applause is an analytics tool that measures mobile app quality and user satisfaction. Applause grades apps across ten attributes, enabling companies to compare their apps version to version and against the competition.
The Applause API provides developer access to the analytics platform. The API is able to search for apps and deliver descriptive or factual information, reviews, and aggregated Applause statistics for a given app.
 Offline Geolocation allows cellphones to derive a location without being connected to the internet or data networks. The service is designed as a failover system when a user has no Internet connection, due to roaming or coverage issues, and GPS has not been turned on, or is not available indoors. The Offline Geolocation developer kit allows users to access a global database of mobile phone cell tower locations, along with data such as MCC, MNC, LAC and cellid information. The service is free to use.
 Acuity Appointment Scheduling is an online appointment booking service that can be accessed via mobile devices by both users and clients. Clients can book their own appointments or classes online and even pay in advance. Acuity users can accept appointments and payments through their own websites or through the free scheduling pages Acuity provides. They may also create discount codes and gift certificates for appointments through Acuity. Acuity Appointment Scheduling automatically accounts for timezone differences, records appointments in Google, notifies users of new appointments, and sends reminder emails to clients.
Acuity users can easily export data, such as client information and appointment schedules, from the service. Client information that has been collected can be used to create custom forms that will take less time to fill out. Acuity can also generate reports about appointments, revenue, staff, or locations over any time range. Developers can interact with their appointment schedule programmatically via REST API.
 BeeTagg is a mobile tagging service that allows users to tag physical objects and link them with internet resources. Users can create, organize, and track QR codes in a variety of formats. BeeTagg works on many platforms and has excellent detection capabilities. Developers can access BeeTagg's functions for creating, editing, managing, and rendering codes programmatically using the BeeTagg QR API.
 Zazler is a backend-as-a-service for web and mobile applications. Zazler offers features such as accessing multiple databases in one interface, specifying data queries, and other backend features.
The Zazler API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Zazler with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include posting data, retrieving data, and managing account information.
 Formhub is an open source service that allows people to create and distribute mobile data forms to collect and analyze data. Users can author their surveys in Excel and then distribute them using either Android devices or the internet. Survey information is collected in real time and is displayed visibly on maps, charts, etc. Users can access their forms and data programmatically using REST calls.
 Qminder is a mobile queue management service for managing waiting lines with tablets and smartphones. Qminder helps venues to minimize waiting times and to allows them to gain valuable insights into visitors and branch performance by offering real-time overviews, statistics and insights.
Qminder provides a RESTful API for the integration of Qminder services with third party apps and sites. API methods include Locations, Lines, Tickets and Devices. An API Key and account with service is required.
 Deeplink.me is a linking system for mobile and web applications. Deeplink.me provides application developers and publishers with the ability to link their apps for easy sharing and tracking, just like with web links.
The Deeplink.me API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Deeplink.me with other applications. Some example API methods include choosing a URL scheme, routing incoming URLs, and defining translation rules.
 Teech.io is a flexible backend-as-a-service (BaaS) that allows developers to store data for web- and mobile-based education applications in the cloud. It also helps app owners manage their users, materials, grading, and push notifications and provides analytics features to help track student learning. Developers can integrate Teech.io with other systems and applications using SDKs or a REST API.
 Burst SMS Australia is a bulk sms messaging service that provides an easy way to send bulk SMS and manage SMS marketing campaigns in Australia. Features of the service include message personalization fields; auto bounce management and database cleaning; automatic and manual opt-outs; and SMS templates.
Burst SMS offers an REST API that enables developers to integrate the ability to send and receive SMS into their applications. API methods include SMS, Lists, Numbers, Transactions, Email, and Keywords.
 [Appia is now Digital Turbine. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
Appia is a mobile user acquisition network. Appia provides solutions for mobile publishers, advertisers, and developers to draw users and customers.
The Appia API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Appia with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
 Snipcart is a service that lets users add a shopping cart to their website. The cart can be customized using HTML and CSS to make it match the site's design. Snipcart is also capable of adapting to the customer's screen size, allowing it to work just as well on mobile devices as PCs. Snipcart can perform payment processing, shipping estimates, and order management functions, all without taking the customer away from the user's website. Developers can manage information on orders, customers, and discounts using the Snipcart API.
 Pretzil is a website, API, and mobile application suite that leverages its cloud-based database to connect smartphone users with mobile apps. The Pretzil API enables developers to ping Pretzil data describing when, where, and on what device their app is used. Pretzil uses this data to enrich their app rankings and provide developers with increased exposure and analytics.
 My Mobile API allows users to send and receive SMS from any website or application using the My Mobile API messaging gateway. My Mobile API provides a wide variety methods for sending SMS, including HTTP Get/POST, SMPP, FTP, web services, SQL, email-to-SMS, and Outlook 2010 SMS. Some of these methods are more suited to low-volume use while others are designed for high-volume messaging campaigns.
 DoForms is a mobile web form building platform that allows users to quickly make forms for use in sites and web services. These forms contain any number of features including tables, music, pictures, and videos. The DoForms API uses SOAP calls and can return XML, JSON, or CSV. An account is required with service. The DoForms API allows users to collect and store a variety of data from a mobile forms built in DoForms.
 AvidMobile is a company that offers white-label mobile marketing and advertising services. AvidMobile provides a SOAP API that gives developers programmatic access to their SMS marketing services. Its functions include sending and receiving SMS, creating keywords and responses, converting RSS feeds to text, getting usage data, and more.
 Bynd.io is a backend as a service platform for building social and mobile sites and apps. The Bynd REST API provides the ability to programmatically write, read, update and delete objects. The API can manage social network authentication, location services, content curation, and much more.
 Mobipaycash is an e-commerce integration company that serves business to business clients and as well as business to customer clients. The site offers airlines booking, hotel bookings, bus booking, fund transfers, e-commerce integrations, and bill payment services. Mobipaycash offers APIs to utilize each of the travel recharge, finance, e-commerce, and educational services. An account is required with service.
 Appsee is a platform that allows mobile application developers and publishers to understand their users. Appsee provides in-app visualization and analytics features to measure and improve the application user experience.
The Appsee API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Appsee with other applications. The main API method is retrieving application sessions and associated information.
 The Telegram API allows developers to build their own customized Telegram clients and applications. API methods are provided for dealing with spam and ToS violations, logging in via QR code, registration/authorization, working with GIFs, working with 2FA login, working with VoIP calls, working with deep links, working with files, and much more.
Telegram is a cloud-based mobile and desktop messaging app that focuses on speed and security.
 SMSAPI.PL is a Polish based mobile marketing service that aims to both inform customers of company news, as well as provide a bulk sms marketing service. The SMSAPI.PL API, which is available in both REST and SOAP formats allows the integration of SMS notification of any commercially available software, maintenance services, premium rate, and the ability to conduct campaigns in the form of MMS multimedia messages. An account is required with service, and SSL is used for authentication.
 InnovativeTxt is a global text messaging service that provides a bulk messaging service for advertisers. InnovativeTxt offers a cloud-based SMS API, that works with Bulk SMS as a marketing communication channel. The API uses REST calls and allows users to send and receive high volume of messages with a high deliverability rate. The API opens to platform for developers to build text messaging applications that can Send and Receive messages with virtual mobile number, long code and short code.
 Sprylogics is a mobile solutions provider. Sprylogics provides capability of local search for mobile applications through their product, Poynt.
The Sprylogics API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Sprylogics with other applications. Some example API methods include searching for events, searching for products, accessing analytics, and sharing search results.
 MnmlRdr is a feed reading service designed to minimize clutter and increase readability. It is accessible from any kind of device that features a modern web browser - no installation required. One added feature is that users can bookmark their favorite stories and mark unread stories for later reading. Users can interact with MnmlRdr programmatically via REST API.
 Smart AdServer is an all-inclusive ad server that allows users to program rich media and video campaigns and to deliver ads to mobile sites and applications. Smart AdServer allows users to gather data on their audiences to improve ad targeting. It also monitors metrics such as fill rate, average CPM (cost per thousand views), and sales in real time. Smart AdServer provides their customers with around-the-clock support.
Users can integrate with Smart AdServer via SOAP API. The Smart AdServer website is available in English and a variety of other languages. The API documentation is primarily in French.
 The Good Dynamics Shared Services Framework is a set of APIs that allows applications on the same device to securely interact and share capabilities such as printing, emailing, and file sharing. This allows mobile workers to complete complex tasks securely without having to constantly switch between applications. The Shared Services Framework can also be used to create unique services (e.g. connecting services for popular CRMs) for other apps to use.
 Coredination is a mobile workforce management service that offers job dispatch, work reports and location sharing in order to reduce paperwork and improve the flow of mobile business. Coredination is a one-stop solution for constant access to realtime information about coworkers, jobs, and work.
Coredination offers a RESTfull API for the integration of Coredination services with third party applications. API resources include jobs and their workflow states, user accounts, work reports and invoicing, and customers and projects. An API key is required.
 Mobile marketing SMS service
Getasms is platform for sending SMS messages over the internet. Getasms enables users to realize mobile marketing campaigns by allowing them to send SMS to a massive number of email addresses simultaneously.
The Getasms REST API allows developers to extend the functionality of their applications by integrating components of SMS marketing. Use the API to Synchronize address books and messages with CRM systems, Generate lists based on the actions of clients, and more. An API key is required.
 PencePay is an online payment and mobile billing platform for merchants. The PencePay API allows customer applications to integrate mobile billing functionalities. The API supports Premium SMS and Direct Carrier Billing Methods.
 Netmera is an app engagement platform that helps developers build relationships with users. The service offers communication and engagement tools such as push notification services and pop-up messages and enriches them with detailed targeting tools.
Netmera's REST API allows developers to interact with Netmera by sending HTTP requests. The API allows developers to easily register and unregister devices, send notifications, and get notification and device info. An API key is required.
evo-snap* didn't extract the description
 FotoNotes is a mobile work management solution. It can be used for project management, task management, work order management, issue reporting, and inspections. Users can access work information anywhere and make existing processes, tasks, and forms mobile-friendly so that everything can be done on-the-go. FotoNotes can capture, store, and share information securely in the form of data, photos, voice notes, GPS, time stamps, and more.
Users can integrate with FotoNotes using its RESTful API. The API can move data to and from the FotoNotes application and extend other existing systems to mobile devices via the FotoNotes platform.
 Silanis e-Signatures allows companies to use electronic signatures for banking, insurance, government contracts, and fulfilling the requirements of various regulated industries. Users can customize the e-signing process to suit any situation - including mobile e-signing - and improve user satisfaction and conversion rates. Silanis also focuses on providing electronic evidence that is comprehensive, secure, accessible, and reliable so that it is easy to prove the legality of e-signatures.
The Silanis e-Signatures API allows developers to integrate e-signatures into their applications via REST calls.
 Everbridge provides a single system for handling mass notifications, incident communications, and situational intelligence that is used by major industries and governments worldwide. Its services can be used for handling both emergency situations and daily operations. Users can integrate contact information with Everbridge or remotely trigger notifications by integrating with a set of REST APIs, referred to collectively as Everbridge Open.
 XMS is a smartphone app that provides free, real-time, unlimited messaging over the user's internet connection. Users can send messages containing text, images, videos, locations, emoticons, and other content. XMS supports both individual and group messaging. Developers can integrate XMS into their applications by using XMPP (formerly known as Jabber).
 Targlets SMS provides an online messaging platform that covers six continents. Users can create, manage, and monitor all of their SMS communications from the online dashboard interface. Developers can use the Targlets SMS REST API to add SMS capabilities to their applications or schedule marketing campaigns.
 Xloudia is an image recognition service for mobile devices, designed for use with augmented reality applications. It can recognize one image out of millions in 0.2 seconds with a false positive rate of less than 1%. It provides excellent tracking capabilities and can adapt to environmental conditions, including clutter and partial occlusion. Xloudia can handle massive database searches and real-time database expansion.
Users can connect Xloudiaâ€™s data directly to their systems using the REST API. Xloudia's user dashboard is available in English, Japanese, and French.
 Collabinate offers an API that lets developers add activity feeds to applications. The hosted service engine enables activity streams, social feeds, and microblogging for everything from mobile games to enterprise systems. Collabinate allows multi-user applications to become collaborative. API methods are available to manage comments, entities, follows, feeds, likes, and streams
 InstaBug is a bug tracking and reporting tool for mobile applications. Application owners and publishers can use InstaBug in their mobile applications to get alerts about bugs in their applications, get bug information on a dashboard, and install instant feedback forms on their applications.
The InstaBug SDK and API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of InstaBug with their mobile applications. Some example API methods include retrieving bug reports, managing account information, and retrieving user feedback.
 Cequens is a mobile text/SMS messaging service provider for users in Africa and the Middle East. Cequens's messaging services are built on cloud-based, dispersed servers that adjust to traffic loads.
Cequens provides APIs that developers can use to access and integrate the functionality of Cequens with other applications and systems. Some example API methods include managing users, sending messages, and checking credit balances.
 AdYapper is a mobile and display advertising platform. AdYapper tracks advertising on displays and mobiles to generate data about user viewing, user sentiment, and verification.
The AdYapper API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AdYapper with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email contact@adyapper.com for more information on the AdYapper API.
 Per provider, they are working on an updated API and public documentation is not yet available.
The Amobee API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Amobee with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service for mobile application publishers.
Amobee is a mobile advertising platform. Amobee offers various mobile advertising solutions to mobile application publishers, mobile operators, and advertisers.
 The SerwerSMS platform is a mobile marketing and communications solution that provides bulk SMS, MMS and VMS messaging services. SerwerSMS offers an API for remote access to their services. Example API functions include the dispatch of standard SMS, sending personalized SMS messages, checking the status of messages, and downloading incoming messages. Responses are returned in XML.
hired-in-ny didn't extract the description
 USA.gov's Mobile App Gallery API provides developers with programmatic access to information on government agencies' mobile applications in both English and Spanish. This information comes from the USA.gov Mobile Apps Gallery and GobiernoUSA.gov Aplicaciones mÃ³viles, which provide information on apps for a variety of platforms. Information is retrievable via REST calls issued in JSON or JSONP.
 Fosbury is a mobile coupon management service that enables users to design, manage, and distribute coupon campaigns. The Fosbury API allows users to create and distribute passes for mobile wallets to potential customers. The services uses REST calls, and Fosbury provides sample SDKs in RUBY, Python, PHP. An account is required with service, and an API key and SSL are used for authentication.
 Brow.si is a mobile browsing interface that allows for various browsing features for websites and applications, such as sharing, monetization, engagement, and push notifications. Brow.si works on all platforms and browsers.
The Brow.si API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://brow.si/developers.
 The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) provides the MyTSA API which allows users to integrate several features into third-party applications. These features include TSA security checkpoint wait times, TSA PreCheck locations, sunrise/sunset times for all locations, and other data sources. The services uses REST calls and can return XML or JSON.
 Streamzoo is a photo sharing and editing service. The app is capable of applying borders, filters, and many other editing effects, as well as adding hash tags and sharing on social networks.
The Streamzoo API allows 3rd party applications to access uploads from a specified user, a specified stream, or to access any single item. The API accepts HTTP calls and returns JSON formatted responses.
 Typeform is a survey creation service that can make surveys that adapt to any device. These surveys feature a user-friendly UI that is designed to improve user enjoyment and completion rates. The Typeform application is currently available in English and Spanish with more languages to come. In the meantime, users can still create surveys in many different languages. The Typeform API allows developers to create surveys from within their own applications or systems.
 Response Tap is a online SEO and analytics company that utilizes proprietary software to track what a users does on a clients website before, during, and after calling the company. This approach is designed to help track the effectiveness of marketing changes. The Response Tap API uses REST calls, returns XML or JSON, and allows users to integrate the number provisions, call features, and reporting analytics into third-party applications.
 Vungle is a video advertising service for mobile phones. Vungle provides solutions for publishers to integrate ad content into their applications and advertisers to get their ads in applications.
The Vungle API, accessible via SDK, allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Vungle with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
 Seafile is a file syncing and sharing service for teams. Files are organized into libraries which can be individually shared or synced to devices. Users can edit and comment on shared files, and they can choose to receive notifications when a file is altered. Seafile is compatible with mobile devices, which can access files, notifications, and messages on the go. Developers can access Seafile's functions remotely via REST calls.
 Tambur.io provides backend messaging solutions for mobile and web applications. Developers can build applications and use features such as messaging from Tambur.io in their applications.
The Tambur.io API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Tabur.io with other applications and create applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://www.tambur.io/.
 CloudZync is a mobile wallet provider. CloudZync offers a mobile wallet application that allows users to pay with their mobile and redeem vouchers and coupons at merchants. Merchants can accept CloudZync at their locations and for their services.
The CloudZync API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CloudZync with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here for API access: cloudzync.com/partner/.
 Birdseye Mail is an email application built specifically for tablets. Birdseye Mail includes features that are easy to use with fingers instead of a keyboard, visual overviews of the inbox, and actions conducive to working on a tablet.
The Birdseye Mail API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality with other applications. The main API method is creating custom actions for emails.
 NativeX is an application creation, management, and backend-as-a-service provider. Users and developers can build, manage, promote, and monetize their applications with NativeX.
The NativeX API allows developers to access and integrate the monetization feature of NativeX with other applications. Some example API methods include creating sessions, claiming offers, and redeeming currencies.
 AfriGIS is a provider of geographical information systems solutions and location-based services in South Africa. AfriGISâ€™ business is built on the development of data-rich geographical information which is used in a number of AfriGIS products and solutions.
AfriGIS offers a number of open APIs that allow developers to add rich geographic features and services to their applications. Services include static maps, auto complete search, drop down search, locate a phone, and locate a branch. An API key is required.
 General Motors has created an API-accessible application development platform for their vehicles. This platform is accessible through an in-vehicle API and a remote API.
The GM Remote API, scheduled to be available late in 2013, supports development of applications that remotely interact with GM vehicles. Supported methods include vehicle commands such as unlocking doors or activating the alarm, and accessing subscriber or vehicle data.
 Voicesphere is a voice control platform. Voicesphere can be used as an application on mobile devices or as a platform for developers to integrate into applications.
The Voicesphere API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Voicesphere with other applications and to create voice-controlled applications. Some example API methods include retrieving calls, sending requests, and managing responses.
 Cumulocity is an open, application centric, cloud-enabled M2M solution. Cumulocity's aim is to make mobile machine to machine applications profitable for businesses through ready-made, cloud subscription services.
Cumulocity functionality is available to developers via a RESTful API. Resources include self, inventory, identity, event, measurement, audit, alarm, user, and deviceControl. Data exchanged with Cumulocity is encoded in JSON format.
 SlidePay is a credit card payment acceptance service. SlidePay allows merchants and users to accept swiped credit card payments in their applications on a variety of platforms.
The SlidePay API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SlidePay with other applications. Some example API methods include processing payments, retrieving payments, and sending receipts.
 Ably is a provider of real-time data delivery solutions that support the creation, delivery, and management of complex projects. The Ably API facilitates communication between the Ably service and a variety of client and server devices. The RESTful API is designed for use in servers that form part of the back-end of any given application, like a web application, that implement messaging concepts. The functional scope of the Ably REST API spans the authentication, message publication and message history retrieval as well as presence state and presence retrieval and application usage data retrieval. The API returns responses in mainly JSON format, although JSONP and HTML formats are also acceptable.
 Cloudbase.io is a backend management service for mobile developers that takes care of all of the relational and non-relational data storage required for an applicationâ€™s data. Shared API functionality allows developers to turn their mobile app into a platform by sharing data between applications or with other cloudbase.io developers.
Cloudbase.io offers a set of RESTful APIs for developers. API functions include data, register-device, cloudfunction, applet, log, log-navigation, notifications, email, paypal, and shared-api. Supported output formats include JSON and XML.
 App55 is a UK-based online payment service that enables merchants, websites and mobile application developers to offer their customers secure, one-click payments for products or services via any internet-enabled device.
App55 offers a restful API for access to their payment services. Use the API to send requests to the App55 platform in order to manage users, manage cards, and perform transactions. Responses are returned in JSON or JSONP. Authentication is via API key.
 Axilent is a web and mobile content publishing system built around ACE (Adaptive Context Engine), a SaaS publishing platform that matches content to users with features such as user analysis, personalized content, product recommendations, and contextual marketing. The Axilent API provides a RESTful interface for automating manipulation of ACE.
 NACapp is a service for relaying notifications, alerts, and chat messages to groups of mobile devices. It is designed to provide timely messaging services to teams who communicate primarily via mobile devices. Users can create messages by logging on to the website, via email, or by using the REST or SOAP APIs. Once a user sends a notification, they can see which devices have received, viewed, and acted on the notification.
 PODFather is a cloud based mobile software solution designed for businesses working in logistics, construction, and other field service sectors. An integrated PDA and web-based back office solution allows businesses to manage their operations in real-time.
The PODFather API allows you to fully integrate the PODFather system with existing IT systems. The API is RESTful and uses both CSV and XML file formats. Use the API to create runs, jobs and download completed PODs.
 LaunchKey seeks to eradicate passwords by providing multi-factor authentication through smartphones and tablets. Built around the idea that physical devices are now more secure than digitally stored passwords, LaunchKey provides authentication through physical authentication over paired devices, as well as optional geofencing and device-stored PINs.
The LaunchKey API allows developers to automate the LaunchKey authentication process. The RESTful API authenticates with the OAuth 2.0 protocol and returns JSON formatted responses.
 InAppSocial is a social engagement service that strives to enhance the customer experience with mobile apps and mobile content. The platform provides a mobile optimized conversation engine that drives in-app social conversations for the purpose of communications and collaboration between app publishers and their users.
InAppSocial offers a RESTful API for integrating their services. Example API methods include get conversation stats, discover conversation types, list conversations, post a conversation, reply to a conversation, comment, like, and rate. Responses are returned in JSON.
 Point.io enables organizations to develop and maintain mobile apps. Point.ioâ€™s platform enables employees, partners, and customers to access unstructured data from various places and sources. Documents can be sourced to a mobile device both from public cloud storage providers like Box and Dropbox as well as from behind-the-firewall repositories like MS SharePoint, IBMâ€™s Filenet, or EMCâ€™s Documentum, with one common API.
 StatusPage is a platform to build and manage status pages for web and mobile applications. Users can design, build, and manage application status pages with StatusPage.
The StatusPage API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of StatusPage with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving lists of components, accessing events, and retrieving lists of subscribers.
 Paddle is an online and mobile payment application. Paddle allows merchants to accept payments via Paddle online and in applications and allows users to pay with Paddle, encrypting their credit card and delivery information in the cloud so they don't have to enter it each time.
The Paddle API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Paddle with other applications. Some example API methods include adding Paddle buttons on sites and applications, accepting payments, and reviewing transactions.
 Judo Pay is a platform to build complete mobile payment solutions and applications. Judo Pay allows for mobile payment solution customization and addition of a variety of features.
The Judo Pay API allows developers to access the functionality of Judo Pay with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving transactions, listing transactions, and accepting transactions.
 PassVerse provides for generating and updating passes for Apple's Passbook. PassVerse allows developers to create and manage passes, tickets, coupons, and more for Passbook.
The PassVerse API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PassVerse with other applications. Some example API methods include creating passes, managing passes, and creating and managing pass templates.
 Catchoom provides image recognition technology built to interact with 3rd party applications. End users take pictures with their smartphones and Catchoom matches relevant images and connects users to online content, offers, and digital experiences.
The Catchoom API allows applications to manage the image recognition service as well as collections of reference images and the metadata associated with those images. The RESTful API responds with a HTTP status code and, if applicable, a JSON document.
 Shopgate provides mobile shopping solutions for commerce, providing merchants with tools to create mobile shopping websites and connecting shoppers to thousands of shopping apps with a single registration.
The Shopgate Merchant API provides a developer interface enabling orders and items to be manage automatically. Supported functions include order list retrieval with filtering, order details retrieval, and item or category manipulation. The API accepts HTTPS POST calls and returns JSON formatted responses
 AdColony provides HD video advertising services to both advertisers and individuals seeking to monetize their apps. It uses Insta-Play technology to instantly serve full-screen video ads to mobile devices. AdColony provides its own reporting functions, but users also have the option of employing a 3rd party partner's reporting functions.
AdColony provides two RESTful APIs. The Publisher Earnings API allows users to retrieve ad publisher earnings data for one day or for a range of dates in CSV format. The MATA API provides users with access to their CPI Campaign data.
 Pixate is an application building platform. Pixate allows developers to create, build, and manage applications for mobile, web, and desktop.
The Pixate API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Pixate with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include creating features for applications, styling applications, and managing applications.
 Webinos is a service funded by the European Union (EU) to build and deliver web, mobile, TV, car, and cross-platform applications. Webinos offers tools and features for developers to build and manage applications.
The Webinos API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Webinos with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include authenticating applications, adding features to applications, and managing applications.
 NetCom is a Norwegian broadband provider. Additionally, the NetCom website provides a mapping service that shows locations covered by various broadband providers in Norway. This map can be accessed directly through the website, or map information can be retrieved using the SOAP-based DataLayer API. The NetCom website is provided solely in Norwegian.
 Ecobee is an energy solutions provider that offers WiFi enabled touch screen thermostats and the corresponding applications to manage them both from home and remotely. The ecobee API provides a developer interface for managing ecobee thermostats. The API is capable of reading, updating, and polling thermostat data. The API accepts HTTP GET/POST calls, authenticates with OAuth 2.0 framework, and returns JSON formatted responses.
 Given.to is a crowd gifting platform that allows users to create wishlists and invite friends and family to contribute towards items on that list. The Given.to API provides a RESTful interface for making automated purchases of digital content and for returning information regarding automated purchase requests. The API authenticates with OAuth, returns JSON formatted responses, and supports callbacks using webhooks.
 AnyPresence is a backend-as-a-service (BAAS) to create, develop, and manage mobile applications. AnyPresence allows developers to create applications and add and manage application features.
The AnyPresence API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AnyPresence with other applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@anypresence.com for more information.
 Verivo is a enterprise mobile application development platforms that facilitates development and operation of applications designed to enhance business processes. Verivo Akula's Management API allows users to control user and administrator authorization, delegate management, deploy app services, control session and license management, and other functions. The service can be accessed through REST endpoints. An account is required with service.
 Ocutag enables phone apps to recognize static images like posters, magazines, or product packaging and then direct the viewer to associated online content, eliminating the need for a QR code. It does this by allowing developers to integrate Ricoh Visual Search technology into their apps. The Ocutag API allows users to access a collection of identifiable images and to use the image recognition service.
 AzonMobile QR Code Management and Tracking platform is a product built to help businesses generate, manage, and track QR Codes. The AzonMobile QR Code API provides developer access to the full functionality of the AzonMobile platform. Supported calls include QR Code generation, QR Code and campaign management, and analytics. The API can be used to generate QR Codes with specified shapes and foreground/background images. The API accepts XML formatted HTTP Post calls and returns XML formatted responses.
 Little Printer is a miniature printer that is designed to print a specific type of small-sized publication. These publications can cover any number of topics and can be personal or generic, finite or ongoing. They could deliver a daily sudoku puzzle, notify the subscriber of train delays, or provide a recipe of the week. People can subscribe to their favorite publications and choose a time of day to have all of their subscriptions printed at once, like a miniature newspaper.
The Little Printer Publications API allows users to retrieve information and samples for a given publication. If necessary, it also allows them to input information to customize the publication or authenticate with a third party for access.
 Datafield allows its users to create and distribute surveys that are compatible with Android and iOS mobile devices. Datafield collects the resulting information, which can then be exported in CSV format. The Datafield API allows developers to retrieve survey information and campaign results programmatically. It can also be used to create, delete, and manage information on users and teams.
 Tap-to is an enterprise tool for capturing data and viewing information outside of the office the service utilizes modern smart phones and tablets to extend the accessibility of business information. Tap-to offers mobile Forms, Docs, Tasks and Lists. The Tap-to API provides users with integration tools to incorporate the Tap-to tools into third-party applications. The API uses REST calls and can return JSON and XML formats. An account is required with service.
 PushBots is a scalable, reliable push service for sending notifications out to application users, including those who use iOS or Android devices. It can be linked to an app's Twitter account to push Tweets as messages. Messages can be sent out to specific groups of users based on factors such as their location or their interests. The service also provides real-time analytics for tracking and evaluating messages and campaigns. PushBots' functions are made accessible for integration via REST API.
 Zubhium is an application management platform, supporting Android beta distribution, reporting and support, user management, analytics, and more. The Zubhium API provides a developer interface for uploading Android .apk files. The API supports simple HTTP POST calls and requires an API Key.
 AppAddict is an online collection of cracked applications and digital books for mobile devices. The AppAddict API allows users to automate mass uploads via HTTP GET/POST calls. Users must have an AppAddict account with mass uploading permission. Responses are JSON formatted.
 WhateverWeb is a mobile application development service that provides users with a toolkit for developing mobile centered applications. The service provides image processing, CSS processing, device detection, Git publishing, and other services. The WhateverWeb API is a component of the device detection service and allows users to fix server side issues or access device information. An account is required with service, and the basic sandboxed version is free.
 Backendless is a cloud backend platform that enables developers to create apps without server coding by utilizing programmable services which supply standard server functions. The following supported features are user management, relational data, push notifications, publish/subscribe messaging, geolocation, video/audio recording and live streaming on the server, file service. The functions and services are available through the API. Company published SDKs for all popular environments: iOS, Android, JavaScript, ActionScript, Windows Phone and REST.
Some API features are app versioning support, video recording and live streaming on the server, filtering for publish/subscribe messages, hosting of websites and apps, flex/air clients support.
 Rebtel Voice Platform is an international calling platform. Users can use Rebtel from their mobile phones to make international calls at various rates.
The Rebtel Voice Platform API and SDK allow developers to access and integrate the functionality of Rebtel with other applications. Some example API methods include making calls, managing calls, and checking call rates.
 Appery.io is a mobile application building and management platform. Users can use Appery.io to build, manage, and cloud host their mobile applications.
The Appery.io API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Appery.io to build and create applications. Some example API methods include building applications, pushing data, and managing account information.
 The Rebtel Voice Platform makes it easy to add VoIP calling in any Android or iOS app:
- Quick to start: Make your first VoIP call from within your app in a few minutes. Free to start.
- Easy to use. Add VoIP calling in your app with a few lines of code. No need to understand VoIP protocols like SIP or WebRTC media handling.
- iOS and Android. Both platforms supported.
- HD voice quality. Excellent call quality over 3G or Wi-Fi.
- Well supported. Code examples, step-by-step instructions and documentations for iOS and Android available on http://developer.rebtel.com
- Proven. Technology used by millions of Rebtel users.
 ShoutEm provides mobile app development software. The ShoutEm API provides a RESTful interface for developers to interact with content stored on ShoutEm. API responses are JSON formatted.
 AddNag provides a platform for displaying and sharing content in mobile applications. Developers can create "nags", simple pages that appear upon opening an app that can be used to convey reminders, special offers, tutorials, etc. AddNag's functions are available for integration via API. Further documentation can be accessed by logging in to the AddNag website.
 The Whispir Platform enables users to send information simultaneously via SMS, voice, email, web, mobile, or social media. High-volume messages are tailored and targeted for each channel and recipient. These communications are two-way, secure, and auditable. Whispir is accessible via web, mobile, or landline, allowing users to respond to any situation from any location. The Whispir API has been designed to let application developers embed features of the Whispir Platform into their own applications.
 Talkray is a mobile application that allows users to make free phone calls, send and receive text messages, and send and receive photos.
The Talkray API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Talkray with other applications. Some example API methods include making phone calls, sending texts, and managing account information. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://developer.talkray.com/.
 Gyft is a digital gift card platform that enables users to manage mobile gift cards and use mobile gift cards at retailers and businesses, as well as send other people gift cards with their mobile phones.
The Gyft API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gyft with other applications and to create new applications. This API uses API Keys for authentication.
 Azukki is a cloud-based platform that serves as a backend for online games. It offers functions for the creation and management of items, in-game currencies, and leaderboards for any metric and over any timeframe. Azukki also provides a way to keep players' information synchronized when they move between devices and platforms. The RESTful Azukki API uses JSON-formatted calls and makes the platform accessible for integration.
 CardFlight is an in-application payment service. CardFlight allows application owners and developers to access credit card payments in their applications.
The CardFlight API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CardFlight with other applications. The main API methods are handling a payment transaction and generating the transaction response.
 Corona Cloud by Corona Labs is a backend-as-a-service (BAAS) provider for applications. Corona Cloud enables users and developers to use Corona Cloud to create, build, and manage applications.
The Corona Cloud API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Corona Cloud with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include user authentication, retrieving user information, managing account information, and managing push notifications.
 cisimple is a testing and deployment service for mobile applications. Developers can use cisimple to test and deploy their mobile applications.
The cisimple API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of cisimple with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving a list of jobs, retrieving builds, managing builds, and creating and stopping builds.
 [Crittercism is now Apteligent. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
Crittercism is a mobile application error monitoring and network monitoring service. Crittercism allows application owners and developers access application diagnostics and identify errors and problems.
The Crittercism API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Crittercism with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with a premium Crittercism account.
 Miri Device Description is a mobile device description service that returns information and descriptions about mobile devices, using OpenDdr resources.
The Miri Device Description API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Miri with other applications. The main API method is returning information on the mobile device.
 Abra Mobile Websites is a mobile website creation platform. Companies and organizations create websites that work on mobile phones.
The Abra API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Abra with other applications and to create mobile websites. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact Abra for more information:
http://support.abramobile.com/customer/portal/emails/newbb.
 Stream SDK offers developers a backend-as-a-service platform for their mobile applications. Developers can use mobile and web APIs to store basic data types, files, categories, send push notifications, and query data. An interface is designed for developer to manage all objects. Developers can use the data browser to view data and upload large amounts of data that will later be consumed in a mobile app, download recent data to run their own custom analytics.
 Ctrack is a mobile asset-tracking and management company that facilitates customers in Australia and New Zealand with tracking, controlling, and operational assistance with mobile workforces. The VMIGreenlight API allows users to use REST calls to access data form the VMIGreenlight service. The data can be integrated into users' legacy systems for use in payroll, billing, planning, project management, and other purposes. An account is required with service.
 Trigger.io is a cross-platform app development service. Companies and developers can use Trigger.io to create and manage cross-platform for iOS and Android applications from a HTML5 codebase.
The Trigger.io standalone build API allows developers to programmatically convert HTML5 into built and packaged iOS and Android apps.
 Vistarmedia is a place-based advertising platform. Advertisers and brands can use Vistarmedia to place ads in applications and websites to reach customers by location. Publishers can use Vistarmedia to monetize their applications and content.
The Vistarmedia API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Vistarmedia with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@vistarmedia.com for more information.
 AppGlu is a platform to build, manage, and launch mobile applications. Companies can use AppGlu to create and manage their mobile applications.
The AppGlu API and SDK allow developers to access and integrate the functionality of AppGlu with applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: http://appglu.com/more.
 Polar Bear Farm is a New Zealand based software development that creates native applications for the Apple iPhone and iPod touch. The Polar Bear Farm AirForms API allows users who created cloud based tables, users enter a data source URL telling Air Forms where it should send its requests for data. The API has 8 functions: authenticate, record_count, records_at_offset, new_record, delete_record, update_record, values_for_list, and data_for_media_column.
 Moblicoâ€™s mobile engagement platform combines cloud-based back-end services for app developers together with content, communication and loyalty management tools for application marketers.
If youâ€™re building an app for a client or marketer, you should consider trying our easy to use developer APIs and SDKs. Whether you have existing apps in the market or you are building new apps, by leveraging our back-end services you can quickly bring marketing capabilities to your apps. Our web-based marketing portal services will enable your clients to monitor the performance of their app, instantly communicate with app users, update content in real time and build loyalty with a rewards program!
Over the last two years Moblico has built over 300 apps on our platform which has grown to support the needs of thousands of users. During that time, our platform has been shaped by the demands of our clients and marketers. We know what developers want because we are developers. We know what clients want because we have hundreds of them.
The Moblico API is RESTful with responses formatted in JSON. SDKs are available for both iOS and Android.
 Mojiva develops mobile advertising campaigns and monetization strategies for agencies, brand advertisers, and publishers worldwide. It also allows developers to ad-enable mobile applications, games, SMS messages, WAP sites, and more by using REST and JavaScript APIs to deliver ads from the Mojiva server network. Mojiva also provides REST APIs for monitoring the results of ad campaigns with information and statistics.
 Appsflyer is mobile application marketing and tracking service. Appsflyer allows users to monitor and track application installations, downloads, and conversions.
The Appsflyer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Appsflyer with other applications. The API returns CSV data files associated with different query parameters.
 SimpleVox is a phone and VoIP solution. SimpleVox is cloud-based offers a variety of telephony features such as voicemail, voice menus, wait music, and multiple lines on various types of phones (cell, landline, etc.).
The SimpleVox API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SimpleVox with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact SimpleVox at hello@simplevox.com.
 The PushBullet API allows developers to engage customers through the PushBullet Android application. This service makes it easy to write software that can push to devices through PushBullet. What you would push and why is up to you; PushButton provides the tool. This API utilizes RESTful calls and JSON responses.
 The service provides financial functions and account management for applications used by customers to interact with the French bank. Functionality helps developers to register with the provider's CAS Store repository to display applications for smartphones and allow users to install them on their own devices. The service allows developers to implement credit card account management and other banking functions.
API methods support registration of new applications with the repository and update those listings over time. Methods support interactions with a user's credit card account and updates to bank account access credentials. The API implements its own geolocation service based on the city, street address, or longitude/latitude coordinates.
 biNu is a mobile application development platform. Developers can use biNu to build and manage mobile applications and use biNu as a backend service for their mobile applications.
The biNu API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of biNu to create new applications and with other applications. Some example API methods include testing applications, publishing applications, and managing applications.
 CS Networks provides an SMS gateway that lets its users SMS-enable any application, website, or system. It can deliver messages to more then 220 countries with a throughput of 100 msg/sec over HTTP and 1000 msg/sec over SMPP. The CS Networks API allows users to send and receive text messages (SMS), perform two-step authentication, locate mobile numbers, and perform other related services over HTTP (REST) or SMPP.
 The service provides highly secure authentication that combines a conventional password entered by a user with a signal from an app registered to that user's mobile device. Similar services combine password entry with possession of a USB device or other single-purpose hardware, but this service takes advantage of the user's smart phone as a tool for confirming identity.
API methods support creating a new authentication listing with the service for an application or updating an existing one. Methods also support creating or updating a client listing on a mobile device that corresponds to a service listing. Methods then support accessing the client listing to verify access to the authenticated resource.
 The service provides monitoring and status reporting for devices and other objects to which proprietary electronic tags have been attached. The tags report status over wireless connections, and those reports are conveyed to the service. Android or iOS devices can then check status and determine locations of the tagged objects.
API methods support registration of wireless tags and their association with devices or objects, causing the service to detect and log their movements and temperature changes. Methods allow retrieval of reports on the logged data to determine tag location and status and to trigger signals back to the tags, helping to locate them.
 WalletKit is a service to create passes, tickets, coupons, and more for mobile wallets, such as PassBook. Developers can create passes and tickets for Apple's PassBook and other mobile wallets.
The WalletKit API allows developers to integrate the functionality of WalletKit with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include creating and managing passes, retrieving pass templates, and posting passes.
 Mobeelizer is a cloud syncing solution for mobile applications. Developers can use Mobeelizer to synchronize data and binary files between mobile devices, mobile and web, and mobile and desktop.
The Mobeelizer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Mobeelizer with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing user accounts, retrieving synchronization details, and setting up synchronization.
 The service provides text and media messaging to phones and mobile devices in Norway via the SMS and MMS protocols. It handles either single messages to individual numbers or bulk messaging to all numbers from a list. The service will route replies to messages it sends and process routine responses such as opt-out requests. Messaging options can be combined for complex functions such as selling an event ticket via SMS messaging and delivering the resulting ticket image to the phone via MMS.
API methods support sending a specified text message body or media resource (image, etc.) to a single number or all numbers on a list provided with the request. Methods also support variations in recipient number types and formatting, date encoding, and similar details.
 Appacitive is a backend as a service (BAAS) provider for mobile applications. Appacitive offers a variety of features for mobile applications, including social media integration, geolocation, and user management.
The Appacitive API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and features of Appacitive with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing user accounts, creating content, and retrieving content.
 The service from Germany provides payment processing for small amounts of money, especially suited to fees for software downloads, content access, and other inexpensive online services. It consolidates functions for conventional debit and credit card charges as well as payments triggered by phone calls or other interactions with mobile devices along with selective disbursement of prepaid account balances. Sellers register accounts with the service, but buyers need not create accounts to submit payments.
API methods support call2pay, a set of functions for one-time payment events or scheduled invoicing for recurring charges triggered via mobile devices. Methods also support disbursement of prepayments by authorized bank transfer as well as conventional charges to credit card and debit card numbers.
 MobPartner is a mobile affiliate marketing platform that aims to provide risk-free performance-based marketing campaigns for advertisers, marketers, and publishers. The MobPartner API can integrate using S2S HTTP or Rest API, and can return XML, JSON, XHTML, or through an XML feed. The service offers 24/7 real-time statistics. 100% fill rate, and dedicated service support.
 Celtra AdCreator is a mobile and application advertising service. Celtra AdCreator allows users to create interactive advertising for mobile devices and platforms.
The Celtra AdCreator API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Celtra AdCreator with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with AdCreator accounts.
 The service provides additions to the OpenStreetMap in the form of map tiles that display information coded to locations so users can discover businesses and other facilities available at particular locations. Sample integrations are available for Google Maps, OpenLayers, and Leaflet. Mobile-aware integrations provide data for mapping applications on iOS and Android devices.
API methods support access to map tiles for locations specified as latitude and longitude for display as layers in mapping applications with control of map size, zoom level, and other variables. Methods adopt familiar Javascript and other formats for compatibility with OpenStreetMap and compliant applications.
Because this is an indirect API, the only way to interact with it is through the SDK, check the SDK tab below for details.
 Clipped is a web and mobile application that summarizes articles, documents, and other content into simplified bullet points with the main points.
The Clipped API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Clipped with other applications. The main API method returns parts of a specified URL, such as the title and summary.
general-motors-in-vehicle didn't extract the description
 The service headquartered in the UK provides payment processing for e-commerce transactions and other online exchanges. It can verify validity and credit limits for credit and debit cards, then complete real-time payment and transfer funds to the seller's account. Payment options include Visa, MasterCard/Maestro, and Paypal.
API methods support secure, real time payment processing. Methods handle pre-authorization for credit and debit card number and transaction amount, providing an authorization code for use in completing payment. Methods also clear payments through the card provider's system and return confirmation of the funds transfer to both buyer and seller.
 Xamarin is a web and mobile application building platform. Xamarin allows developers to build and manage cross-platform applications.
The Xamarin API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Xamarin with other applications and to build applications. API methods include managing applications, retrieving application data, and pushing content.
 Codeproof is a provider of a cloud hosted mobile security platform used to secure personal and corporate data in mobile phone and tablets.
Codeproof provides MDM APIâ€™s to partners and mobile developers. Integration of Codeproof APIs with other software or a mobile app, allows developers more control over reporting and management of mobile devices. With the Codeproof Webservice API, an administrator can query device information, trigger actions, restriction policies, and application information from any enrolled mobile devices. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Smadex is mobile advertising service. Smadex offers advertisers and publishers features to integrate advertising into mobile applications and content.
The Smadex API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Smadex with other applications. Some example API methods include integrating ads into content, retrieving ad information, and managing account information.
 The service provides access to high-capacity messaging gateways for distributing blast communications via SMS text messaging, email, and other delivery methods. It enables promotional campaigns and other public service messaging, either to recipient lists or individuals, as for medical appointment reminders.
API methods support sending messages with specified content to either individual recipients or lists via gateways for SMS text, email, voice, instant messaging, or fax. Methods also support managing bounced or undeliverable messages and handling responses, such as opt-out requests.
 SumUp is a service that allows users to accept and process credit card payments via mobile devices with the SumUp application.
The SumUp API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of SumUp with other applications. Example API methods include managing account information and accepting and processing payments.
 The service provides messaging via SMS text and email, both for individual contacts and mass promotional campaigns. It integrates contacts with customers and clients, either as part of blast messaging campaigns or as individual alerts triggered by transactions or other events. It emphasizes contacts and ongoing interactions via mobile device to promote customer loyalty such as appointment reminders, service alerts, coupons, and other communications.
API methods support creating and scheduling communications, including messaging mode (SMS or email), recipient contact information, message body, and delivery timing. Methods also accept and route replies, including unsubscribe requests. Reporting functions provide updates on delivery success rates and other service metrics.
 This API is a RESTful interface to the Clickatell gateway. The Clickatell REST API makes it possible for third-party web and mobile application users to register and activate a Clickatell SMS service account, buy messaging credits and two way messaging capabilities, and perform other SMS functions all from within the application. It provides a way to send batches of up to 500 destination numbers per submission in real-time through our international SMS messaging gateway. Interact with Clickatell using JSON or XML. All the APIs support text, Unicode, binary SMS and flash messaging, providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients, staff or user-database. Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries. Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization.
 FlexPaper is an open-source document viewer for the web, mobile, and tables. FlexPaper offers features to manage and publish documents to multiple platforms.
The FlexPaper API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of FlexPaper with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing documents, navigating documents, and searching text.
galleriaio didn't extract the description
 CheckInOn.Me is an automated personal safety system. Users can create customized routines for CheckInOn.Me to contact mobile devices. Users respond with a personalized â€œIâ€™m OKâ€ word. The CheckInOn.Me API provides RESTful interface for developers to build entire personal safety systems.
 Mobage is a gaming platform powering free social games for iOS and Android. The Mobage API provides a RESTful API allowing developers to perform authentication, banking and social actions. URLs vary depending on locale and environment type, and responses are JSON formatted.
 instantPay.in is a provider of anytime, anywhere access to users' day to day Mobile & Data Card Top-ups, DTH Recharges and Utility Bill Payments via easy to integrate API. The API is compatible on all platforms. Interested developers can contact the provider for information about partnerships and API documentation.
 Helpshift is an embeddable support desk designed specifically for native apps. Helpshift offers developers features such as a searchable FAQ, the ability to privately resolve user issues, a customizable UX to match the look of their app, built in CMS, and the ability to manage multiple apps. The API is REST-based and allows developers to integrate support screen, get notification counts, review requests and more.
 SubtleData is a service that enables applications to "speak" to point-of-sale (POS) systems in a variety of retail settings.
The SubtleData API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of SubtleData with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing prices, managing product information, and retrieving a variety of calls.
 The service provides secure online payments for e-commerce and other online transactions via websites and mobile apps. A buyer establishes a confirmed account balance with the service prior to making the purchase and receives a voucher with a personal 16-digit PIN. The buyer can then enter the PIN to complete the purchase and release funds to the seller. The exchange is completed without entering personal data and storing it on a device or releasing it to the seller.
API methods support identifying a specific customer account with the payment service and submitting a current purchase transaction for payment against the account. Methods also support customer authorization of the payment and processing the transaction through release of funds to the seller. The API provides for notification of transaction completion to both buyer and seller.
 The service provides lookup and validation of U.K. physical addresses for web applications that accept user input addresses. It compares data entered by a user against continually updated postcode address file (PAF) data from the British Royal Mail service, GeoData, and other authoritative sources of valid physical or delivery addresses. This validation improves delivery performance by ensuring that addresses provided by users actually exist and are correctly formatted. The same functions are available either as an installed product using local data or an interactive web service.
API methods support queries submitting character strings for a postcode and thoroughfare address as entered by the user and validate the address indicated, then return the correct version according to the Royal Mail or other recognized authorities. Where no exact match is found, the API returns an array of valid addresses nearest the entered location, allowing the application to perform further processing to select one of them.
 The service provides services for outbound marketing and promotion campaigns, including mass email and SMS text messaging. Applications can use the services for communication opt-in forms, deliver advertising and manage advertiser relationships, and trigger communications based on user clicks or other selection of keywords.
API methods support one-way, outbound SMS messaging with message body and recipient mobile device numbers specified in the request. Methods also support sending poll or survey messages and processing responses from recipients. The API provides functions for advertiser accounts and for managing opt-in and opt-out requests to update communication preferences.
 Applicaster is a platform that helps companies create, customize, and deliver mobile broadcasts to their customers and users. Applicaster offers interactive tools for mobile video and live content.
The Applicaster Stars Public API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Applicaster with other applications and to create new applications.
 The service provides SMS text messaging to mobile phones within Iran. It allows an application to send a message specified in the request to one or many recipients, up to 90 numbers per request. The service also can handle replies and inbound messaging, with account credit balance checks and reporting of delivery success and failure rates.
API methods support submitting a request with message body, recipient phone number, and encoding details. Methods also support review of unread text messages received by the account, with message body and date-time stamp according to the Jalali calendar used in Iran. The API makes available reports of completed message delivery and message failure for sent SMS messages and current account balance. The site is in Persian.
 The service provides a survey platform accessed via mobile devices to contribute anonymous, crowd-sourced reports on sexual topics. It provides functions for contributing reports and for reviewing submissions along with summaries and visualizations of collected data. The service is sponsored by the Kinsey Institute at Indiana University and provides submitted data as submitted without any review or verification.
API methods support retrieval of data collected from submissions by the Kinsey Reporter mobile apps. Requests can retrieve either listings that summarize multiple crowdsourced contributions or detail of individual contributions. Contributions may be reports documenting sexual activity, survey questions and responses, or descriptive tags.
 The service from Thailand provides messaging to Thai customers and mobile phones within the country. It allows applications to send individual text messages or bulk messages to specified numbers via SMS technology. A variety of protocols are available.
API methods support submission of a request with a mobile device number and message body, which the service will process and deliver. Bulk messaging requests can specify a group of phone numbers to receive the submitted message. Methods also support administrative functions such as reporting of message status and available balance.
 Mosaik Solutions, formerly American Roamer, provides a range of geospatial and map design solutions including CellMaps, an interactive global coverage map service. The Mosaik CellMaps API exposes data formatted as XML or JSON via REST techniques.
 Synchroteam is a mobile workforce control service that aims to optimize costs, dispatch, and schedule a workforce. It allows workflow customization based on a business's needs, tracks worker locations, schedules and dispatches teams, and generates reports. The Synchroteam API allows data to be retrieved from or pushed into a users Synchroteam account so that it can be integrated with CRMs, invoicing systems, and other business software to prevent data duplication. The service uses REST calls and will return JSON or XML.
 [mBlox is now CLX. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
mBlox is a mobile messaging service provider. The mBlox platform supports rich status codes, secure SSL, long and concatenated messages, auto queuing, short codes and more. The mBlox Push Notification API allows developers to send rich content to their mobile app users. Public documentation is not available.
 ForWhereIAm is a real-time, localized, short-lived information service that notifies users of announcements and deals based on where they are and what they are in the proximity of. The ForWhereIAm API allows the retrieval and rating of announcements being made by your business for a user's location. The API is available in a client-side flow or a server-side flow using Javascript or a variety of programming languages.
 nsure.io provides a series of API's that can add security, compliance, risk and reputation controls to developer applications without the need for complex backend systems or ever expanding cloud servers.
The API series consists of nsureVIRUS, nsureLanguage, nsurePORN, and nsureProfanity.
In a nutshell, giving developers content control over their application or site.
Functionality includes virus protections, language identification, profanity filters, SOX, HIPAA & porn detection.
The APIs are RESTful and responses are formatted in JSON.
 8x8 is a company who specializes in services to fit the needs of businesses in the areas of voice, video, mobile, and unified communications. They offer a suite of APIs to couple your needs with the Virtual Contact Center offerings of 8x8.
The Real Time Statistics Reporting API differs from the other Statistical API in that it returns 'real time' results instead of consulting the historical database. Data from the API is refreshed from the server every 10 seconds.
The API displays real time information about agents and queues. It allows for queries on all agents, queues, or a specific agent and queue with a provided ID. Requests must be made in HTTPS (authenticated by token) with returns in XML or JSON
 8x8 is a company who specializes in services to fit the needs of businesses in the areas of voice, video, mobile, and unified communications. They offer a suite of APIs to couple your needs with the Virtual Contact Center offerings of 8x8.
This API allows clients the ability to interact with external interactive voice response (IVR) systems. This feature is presently embedded in 8x8 IVR Server. Once a request is made to the 8x8 IVR Server, an administrator may configure the IVR script to relay the request to an external server.
Requests are made using HTTPS after being authenticated through an issued "action request" token.
 8x8 is a company who specializes in services to fit the needs of businesses in the areas of voice, video, mobile, and unified communications. They offer a suite of APIs to couple your needs with the Virtual Contact Center offerings of 8x8.
The Click to Dial API is simple HTTP API that lets logged in agents create an outbound call in an external URL window. This allows for clickable hyperlink creation in user records for dialing a customer's phone number.
Requests are made securely through HTTPS using GET/POST.
 8x8 is a company who specializes in services to fit the needs of businesses in the areas of voice, video, mobile, and unified communications. They offer a suite of APIs to couple your needs with the Virtual Contact Center offerings of 8x8.
"Web callback" allows for embedded buttons on websites allowing visitors to request a 'callback' from the application. Utilizing callbacks, customers do not have to wait in the support queue and can interact directly with the application.
Features of the API include: call me now, call me after a certain delay, call me when agent is available. All callback requests (GET, POST) are made using HTTPS.
 8x8 is a company who specializes in services to fit the needs of businesses in the areas of voice, video, mobile, and unified communications. They offer a suite of APIs to couple your needs with the Virtual Contact Center offerings of 8x8.
The Recordings API allows for the identification and request of recording information from the Virtual Contact Center Database. The recording data assessable through the API includes: file name, phone number dialed, customer ANI and other information. All queriers are made securely through HTTPS using GET with responses in XML or CSV.
 8x8 is a company who specializes in services to fit the needs of businesses in the areas of voice, video, mobile, and unified communications. They offer a suite of APIs to couple your needs with the Virtual Contact Center offerings of 8x8.
The 8x8 Statistics Reporting API establishes and requests statistical data from the Historical Reporting Database using a simple HTTP request. For security purposes the only types of requests that will be accepted will be HTTPS.
The Historical Reporting database supplies information in event and aggregate about agents and their interactions: status, outbound calls queues and their interactions. Responses come in XML or CSV format.
 8x8 is a company who specializes in services to fit the needs of businesses in the areas of voice, video, mobile, and unified communications. They offer a suite of APIs to couple your needs with the Virtual Contact Center offerings of 8x8.
The Customer Relationship Management (CRM) API allows you to manage your contact center's interactions with customers of the Contactual Integration Suite. With the API you can develop applications to interact with the Virtual Contact Center's data such as: customer, case, follow-up and FAQ data.
The API utilizes HTTP/HTTPS with support for GET, MODIFY, ADD, DELETE and LIST actions in XML formatting.
 The service provides a platform for interacting with mobile devices to provide videos and other entertainment content, SMS text messaging and 'enterprise messaging,' and other services. It aims to provide middleware to facilitate contacts with devices by a range of services meeting many different needs.
API methods support single sign-on (SSO), core device interaction, service billing, SMS and other messaging, and administrative reports for service users. Methods identify specific resources required for a particular communication or other interaction to smooth the connection between content and users.
 Instafilter.io is a photo manipulation service that provides a variety of photo manipulation techniques and layering of filters. The service utilizes a RESTful API, managed by Mashape with prices beginning at $0.01/filter with the first 100/month being free and a maximum file size of 4MB.
Besides filtering photos, Instafilter.io can also edit your photos through cropping, resizing and other non-filter functions. The API is built with a mobile emphasis in mind for Android and iOS users. Instafilter.io also allows for realtime editing using HTTP requests.
A variety of client libraries are available (Python, Objective C, PHP, Java, Ruby) and with a Mashape account you can also test the API.
 Tout is a mobile video platform. The Tout RESTful API uses OAuth2.0, accepts requests over HTTPS, and returns JSON responses. Use the API to record and share video in real time, aggregate videos by user or hashtag, or hold a video conversation asynchronously. Register with Tout to get started with the API.
 The service provides SMS text messaging with delivery of specified message text to a designated recipient. Delivery notification is available, and recipients can respond via the service, e.g., to unsubscribe or to provide requested information, with responses processed as HTTP requests or email. Reporting functions summarize outbound and inbound message traffic.
API methods support messaging functions, including both send and receive, with ability to generate replies as email to a designated address. Methods also support delivery notification to verify status of sent messages as received or not successfully delivered. The API provides reporting functions for message tracking and account balance information. A digital signature authentication process is in beta.
 OpenSignal is an application that allows users to find the best cell phone, wi-fi, and mobile coverage by location. OpenSignal provides a database of cell phone towers, cell phone signal strength readings, and Wi-Fi access points around the world.
The OpenSignal API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of OpenSignal with other applications and to create new applications. An example API method is retrieving coverage information by location.
 Rogerthat brings a single A2P solution for all types of apps and web services. Rogerthat is a MEAP (mobile enterprise application platform) for business process automation, allowing developers to create native smartphone frontends for existing or new systems and applications. The Rogerthat API aims to make application creation relatively easy, incorporating a powerful messaging gateway with a strong application development framework. Limiting the hassle developers will have to go through. Calls are made through HTTP and responses are in JSON.
 Hipmob provides hosted live chat for mobile applications to send text, audio, video and photos. In order to use the API developers must sign up, receive a code, download the Hipmob library, and then use Hipmob at will for whatever messaging application assistance they may need. The API specifically allows developers to send messages from their own applications to devices, manage settings and obtain device information. Functionality includes RESTful principles and JSON response formats.
 Adobe PhoneGap is a standards-based, open-source development framework for building cross-platform mobile apps for iOS, Android, Windows Phone, webOS, Symbian, BlackBerry, and other systems. Users can upload their HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript assets to the Adobe PhoneGap Build cloud service and let it do the work of compiling.
The Adobe PhoneGap Build API provides programmatic access to functions for creating, building, updating, and downloading apps. It was designed for easy integration with other systems and uses REST calls issued in JSON and JSONP.
 Fulcrum provides cloud based data collection for mobile devices supporting the creation, deployment, and management of location based data collection applications. Fulcrum's API provides clients with a RESTful interface for automating access to data and pictures, form elements, account setup info, and more.
 Hipmob is a mobile live chat service that aims to connect customers with customer service. The service can also be integrated with CRMs and other customer service platforms. The Hipmob API allows admins to manage applications' settings and obtain device information. The API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and uses and API Key and SSL for authentication.
 JetSetMe is an application that displays real-time roaming of O2 mobile SIM cards in Europe, such as when the mobile goes abroad and returns home.
The JetSetMe API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of JetSetMe with other applications and create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving customer status and getting roaming notifications.
 AppFirst is an online dashboard that provides developers with information about their applications, such as performance metrics, server monitoring, and reporting tools.
The AppFirst API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of AppFirst with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving data, managing account information, and managing alerts.
 The service provides connectivity between home appliances or other electronic devices and mobile phones to allow remote monitoring and control. Examples from home automation include ability to activate HVAC systems and control settings, adjust lighting, and interact with security systems. The provider's Configurator application and utilities allow for integration between mobile devices and remote electronic controls for installed equipment.
API methods support secure access to equipment monitoring functions for reviewing current status, with methods for updating settings and controlling equipment functions. Methods also provide for push notifications when preset equipment states occur, such as when an error condition is detected.
 The service interacts with client software on a mobile device to sense presence of wifi networks and determine the device's physical location within Japan based on that access. The local client retrieves listings of wifi networks currently available to the device and submits the information to the server, which returns a location suggested by that combination of network access. The service maintains a database of locations and wifi access profiles which users can update to increase its accuracy over time.
API methods log device characteristics and wifi access as reported by the installed client and return matching location, with estimated accuracy within 5-100 feet, depending on the density of wifi access points and other variables. Methods also allow device reports to update the database of locations and wifi access points available there.
 MyCaption is a developer of voice enabled mobile apps. Their flagship product for BlackBerry phones is speech to text software. It can be used to voice enable users' email, text messaging, and PIM functions as well as sycing with Microsoft Outlook and Gmail. An API is available to integrate speech to text capability for continuous speech up to three minutes long. Developers interested in the HTTP API shold contact the provider for more information.
 Hunt is a mobile advertising network targeting the Spanish speaking market throughout Latin America and the United States. The Hunt Mobile Ads Ad Request API provides a RESTful interface allowing customers to automate ad requests.
 Vines Cloud allows developers to connect mobile apps of all types through real-time messaging. The Vines Cloud REST API exposes Vine Cloudâ€™s features for developers, including messaging, user management, and data storage.
 Jibe Mobile is an app-to-app connection service provider. They provide tools for creating connected mobile experiences in peer-to-peer app usage. This includes features for video calling and chat, file and data transfer, and more. This allows players to compete, share, and increase social engagement with friends. The Jibe Mobile API exposes push notifications, messaging, and connection functionalities. It is a RESTful API and interested developers must request access.
 Scanbuy is a global provider of mobile barcode solutions that make use of camera phones. The ScanLife solution consists of a multi-barcode reader application with millions of users who access product information, coupons, and more. Scanbuy offers services allowing customers to create integrated 2D barcode solutions. The ScanLife API allows outside websites to generate codes automatically from the ScanLife Code Management Platform. Interested developers should contact the provider for more information about the API.
 madvertise is a mobile advertising platform and service in Europe. madvertise offers publishers and developers advertising integration services into their applications and content and offers advertisers places for their ads for mobile applications.
The madvertise API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of madvertise with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service.
 FatFractal is a application backend service. FatFractal offers web and mobile application developers cloud-hosted backend services for their applications.
The FatFractal API allows developers to access and integrate the features and functionality of FatFractal with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, managing users, and retrieving lists and objects.
 Adcentricity ADMobile is a location based mobile shopping platform. Adcentricity offers a mobile media network through which they collect and deliver dataâ€“rich analytics to customers. ADMobile delivers location-based content such as deals, shopping tools and services to users on their mobile devices. The ADMobile API exposes the functionality of the application including authentication, profile management and location-specific methods. The API uses JSON-RPC.
 Koupon Media is a mobile coupon delivery platform. They provide coupon delivery and campaign management solutions for retailers and businesses. It offers several layers of fraud protection and numerous reporting features. Koupon will timestamp patronsâ€™ acquisition, activation, and redemption of deals for businesses to see in real time. Koupon Media provides an API that exposes campaign management functions. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON and XML-encoded data.
 The gink GPS Data Web Service takes the work out of building custom communications servers for GPS tracking devices. This makes it possible to build a tracking application without worrying about implementing your own custom server. The gink REST API makes it simple to get tracking data on demand or to save for later processing. The API can integrate sample data into your application before purchasing a gink-box tracking unit. (A gink-box receives position data from GPS satellites, as well as event data and status messages, and communicates with our servers, which process all incoming data and make them available via the REST web service.)
The API requires an access key to authenticate your HTTP requests and keep track of your devices. Currently, a token-based authentication scheme, HTTP Basic, and HTTP Digest Authentication are supported.
Data available through the REST Webservice includes Most Recent Position, Accumulated Distance Traveled, Historical Position Data, Historical Event Data, and more. The information received is accessible via Desktop applications, Web applications, Mobile, and any platform that has access to the World Wide Web. The API Supports a variety of data output formats: XML, KML, JSON, and CSV
 Geosophic is a user engagement solutions provider for mobile games. Their gaming platform allows developers to take in user behavior data and turn it into user profiles. Developers can use this information to segment players and invite marketers with targeted ad campaigns. Geosophic also includes user engagement features such as leaderboards. The Geosophic API exposes the platforms essential information gathering and integration functionalities. It is a RESTful API that return JSON-formatted data.
 The InterfaceLIFT API offers downloadable high-resolution wallpapers for Iphone, Droid, computer screens, tablets and etc. Functionality includes calling about the camera used to take a certain wallpaper picture, lens types that fit a certain camera and overall information about a user or wallpaper. Users are required to sign up with the site for authentication and pay a small fee for accessing the API information from a managed site.
tapit! didn't extract the description
 Sencha is a backend-as-a-service (BAAS) provider for mobile applications. Sencha offers backend solutions and mobile application building tools and features.
The Sencha API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Sencha with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving URLs, sending and receiving messages, pushing notifications, and managing account information.
 apiOmat is a backend-as-a-service (BAAS) provider. API O MAT offers various features such as chat, email clients, Facebook connections, content push, and WordPress syncing.
The apiOmat API allows developers to access and integrate the backend functionality of apiOmat with other applications and to create new applications. The documentation offers some tutorials and quickstart guides. API access comes with account service.
 Kamcord is an application that allows users to record and share their plays on mobile and web games. Kamcord works in the game, so users don't have to leave the game to record and share their plays.
The Kamcord API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kamcord with other applications. Some example API methods include recording plays, sharing plays, and viewing recordings.
 Virool is a video advertising service that allows advertisers to promote their video ads on applications, games, and websites from publishers. Publishers can monetize their content by allowing advertisers to integrate their video ads into the content.
The Virool API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Virool with other applications. The API allows for video publishing and integration with mobile and web content.
 The Chartboost API supports HTTP methods and returns JSON formats with analytics reports data. User ID and user signature are required to authenticate. With the Chartboost API, developers can access campaign and app analytics, retrieve account and earnings information, and update campaign bids.
fanggle-qwoosh/spreevo didn't extract the description
 Radish Systems is the maker of ChoiceView a service that allows businesses to share visual information in real-time during smartphone conversations. The service has the capability to send pictures, graphics, or text to users' smartphones while they talk. With the ChoiceView API, developers can create a fully functional visual IVR and integrate it with live assistance or existing IVRs. The API is available in RESTful format, full documentation is not publicly available.
 PayGround's Express Checkout is a remote payment service that operates through PayGround's Mobile Payment system. It is designed to allow consumers to complete transactions quickly, using only their mobile number. Customers input their mobile phone number at the merchantÂ´s checkout where the Express Checkout service is offered. PayGround then matches the mobile phone number with the customer's social security number, address, credit check, etc. using a series of look-ups. The customer chooses whether they would like to receive an invoice or to charge a debit or credit card. Thus, the payment does not end up on the usual mobile operator bill.
The Express Checkout system is integrated into the developer's online checkout process using SOAP or REST APIs. Although parts of the PayGround website are offered in English, much of the API documentation is provided exclusively in Swedish.
 Boingnet is a web based, 1 to 1 marketing platform. Marketers can use the platform to create data driven personal URL, email, social, QR, mobile, and direct mail campaigns. Many of the platform's features are exposed via an API. Functionality exposed includes pURL and campaign management, and reporting including summary, detail, daily and click reports. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Goo.im (formerly Goo-INsi) is a file mirroring site, hosting mainly Android-related files. It provides a place for users to upload and download files to be used with their mobile devices for free. The site now mirrors official CyanogenMod builds, hundreds of ROMs, radio and firmware updates, and other miscellaneous files used for the development and rooting of Android devices.
The goo.im API provides a JSON feed that can be used to show a list of selected ROMs on a website or to provide a continuously updated Google apps listing.
 PAYMILL’s developer friendly REST API lets you accept credit and debit card payments directly in your website and mobile application. Available across Europe, online businesses are able to accept online payments globally, enabling them to scale internationally from the get-go. The API gives you full control of your checkout so you can deliver a user experience optimised for higher conversions. And with heavy-duty security measures already built-in – you can rest easy knowing your data secured.
Further information at www.paymill.com
 AppNexus is the world's leading independent ad tech platform. Building on top of the AppNexus open platform, our customers maximize yield, monetization and campaign effectiveness. As customers’ technology requirements change, we power their evolution and help them to scale, pivot, and grow. This platform is exposed via a set of RESTful APIs. Documentation is open to the public.
 Guardly is a mobile personal safety application that lets smartphone users push a single button on their device to connect and alert friends, family and authorities in an emergency. The Guardly API gives developers the ability to integrate emergency response notification and collaboration functionality into their own applications. Interested developers should apply with the provider for access to the REStful API, developer key and documentation.
 Appboy is a platform that assists developers in boosting app usage, increasing downloads and interaction with their users. The internal on-line share API also included with Appboy's SDK allows developers to integrate sharing throughout their app. Behind the scenes, mobile developers put the Appboy SDK directly into their apps and recieve data, insight, and diagnostic information about their users served through Appboy's web dashboard.
 playMobi by appMobi is an HTML5 monetization and socialization service for mobile games.
The playMobi API allows developers to access and integrate playMobi functionality with other applications and games. Some example API methods include integrating user authentication, leaderboards, badges, social posting, and cloud data into HTML5 games.
 Realtime ORTC is a real-time, cloud-hosted messaging solution for web and mobile applications. Realtime ORTC delivers messages, content, and data to a variety of platforms and devices and across applications.
The Realtime ORTC API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Realtime ORTC with other applications. Some example API methods include sending messages, managing account and user information, and accessing content.
 Daleeli is a Saudi Arabian directory for all sorts of businesses and services. Visitors can look up restaurants, hotels, contractors, garden supply stores, car dealers, doctors, and more. Business information is not limited to Saudi Arabia; international businesses are represented as well.
The Daleeli Mobile API allows users to integrate access to Daleeli into applications for mobile devices. The API is accessible using SOAP calls in XML format. Relevant webpages and documentation are provided in both Arabic and English.
 The PayBy.Me API supports GET HTTP methods that return mobile payments platform features. Businesses can set up plans that allow their customers to pay by mobile or home telephone. Samples available in .NET and PHP languages.
 Voice-Jump offers VOIP services for individuals at home, for developers to build into mobile applications, and for business through a web portal. The Voice-Jump API includes several services: The Voice-2-Click, Voice_Web-Dialer, and Voice-Call-Back APIs revolve around calls over the internet. The Voice-Rate-Search API allows users to search for call rates based on tariffs, phone prefixes, and other criteria. The Top-Rates API lists calling costs by region and per minute calling cost, and the Top-Rates-News-Bar API provides this information in a horizontal scroll bar.
 BugSense is a real-time bug tracking service that collects and analyzes crash reports from mobile apps. Reports provide info on wifi status, SDK version, device, carrier, and more. The API allows users to send errors to BugSense from a third party app. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Archivme is a finances solutions provider. Its features allow users to manage their personal finances with a single app. Users can scan or import all of their receipts, bills, invoice, and more, into the app. It will then interpret the information and allow users to organize it for easy retrieval and viewing. The Archivme API exposes a host of personal account management functionalities. It is a RESTful API that exposes JSON and XML-formatted data.
 Chitika is a user targeting ad network. It provides services to developers to enhance the revenue capacity of websites and applications. The Chitika API is REST based and returns only JSON. It allows users to add a Chitika map to websites which includes ad pins, or add phone numbers to ads that generate revenue based a per call basis not a per click basis. An API key is required for use.
 CampusCash Mobile is a mobile marketing service that combines SMS mobile text, Email, Myspace, Facebook, Instant Message, and Twitter. The CampusCash Mobile API allows users to synchronize a contact list or database with a user account. Functionality also includes two-way SMS communication, the creation of marketing keywords, and contact management. The API uses HTTP POST and GET and returns XML. To obtain an API key for use, users must have a full, non-trial, account with CampusCash Mobile and submit a request through the support dashboard.
 StormSwiftMedia.com is a mobile video distribution platform that can be used to send consumers video messages to their mobile devices. The StormSwift API allows users to retrieve video information from StormSwiftmedia.com including the title, description, the publishing date, and other information. The API returns JSON format and is accessible with API tokens.
 The Paydiant B2B Customer Care API returns JSON data with payment features to integrate into POS applications and mobile applications. The API allows developers to create a site that can access the Paydiant platform through its B2B Gateway. All communication, regardless of transport, needs to run over a TLS encrypted HTTPS session.
 Zerista is a data-management service for event planners. It provides a suite of tools for organizers and exhibitors to organize their planning and maximize the value of the information in those stages. Its features include directories and profiles for the eventâ€™s participants, social and private communication channels, scheduling, social media integration, and more. The Zerista API exposes functionalities to all of those categories. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON and XML data.
 SponsorPay is a platform that allows game publishers and game developers to get paid through their applications and advertising.
The SponsorPay API allows both application publishers and developers to access and integrate the functionality of SponsorPay with their applications and to create new applications. Public documentation is not available; API access and documentation comes with account service.
 Geocaching is a real-world outdoor treasure hunting game. The Geocaching API enables users to access the data sets and feeds from Geocaching.com. The API operates using the REST protocol and OAuth. In order to use the API, the terms of service must be accepted and a formal request must be submitted to gain access. Advanced developer support is available in the API forum.
 Dalyo is a web platform for mobile application production. It provides a comprehensive toolbox that makes it easy to design, deploy, synchronize, and manage mobile applications that run on smartphones, PDAs, and web browsers. The Dalyo API allows users to edit data stored in Dalyo programmatically using SOAP calls.
 HockeyApp is an app testing service. It provides beta trial and analysis for developers perfecting their apps. Their products include customizable distribution systems, crash-reporting services, and usage analytics. These products are supported on multiple platforms, including iOS and Android. HockeyApp offers an API that exposes the distribution and crash-reporting functionality. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-formatted data.
 Jumptap is a leading targeted mobile advertising agency. They help advertisers find and engage with customers on any mobile device, and help publishers use targeting to display the most relevant ads on their sites. The Jumptap API lets users request and retrieve display ads from the Jumptap ad network. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XHTML.
 Loc8 is a geolocating service for mobile apps. It provides pan-India coverage for determining the latitudinal and longitudinal coordinates of mobile phones without GPS-enablement. With Loc8 incorporated into their apps, developers can see what cell towers their users are near. This information is shared via Loc8â€™s RESTful API. The API allows developers to integrate the locational functionality into their apps code. The API responds in GeoJSON.
 iKnode is a backend-as-a-service platform. iKnode allows users to create backend applications for either web or mobile.
The iKnode API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iKnode with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving space information, and accessing user information.
 Appcelerator is the leading enterprise-grade, cross-platform development solution that powers over 30,000 cloud-connected applications across mobile, desktop and web platforms. Appcelerator's leading product, Titanium, is the only mobile cloud platform to enable fully native, cross-platform mobile app and HTML5 web development, from a single codebase. Appcelerator Cloud Services (ACS) provides a number of data storage and web services such as user logins, photo uploads, checkins, status updates, push notifications and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are in JSON.
 Google Coordinate is a workforce management application that lets organizations manage and keep track of their mobile workforce. The API exposes functionality such as job createion, listings, and updates. With the API, managers can communicate with their workforce, see their physical location on a map, assign jobs, report on and review all jobs. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 FullCourt is a telephony app that connects mobile devices with web services. It transmits voice and other web-based messaging system to apps. The FullCourt service is a RESTful API that can be scaled and recombined to fit each developerâ€™s particular needs. The API exposes the serviceâ€™s entire telephony functionality. Developers can use the API to send call requests and retrieve user information. The API returns XML-encoded data.
 MobFox is an independent mobile advertising service. It provides services for publishers and for advertisers. Through their network of both, MobFox finds targeted outlets for businessesâ€™ marketing campaigns. Businessesâ€™ advertisements can be integrated with a numerous applications and websites. The MobFox API exposes the reporting data retrieval and remote account management functions. It is a RESTful API that returns XML-formatted data.
 Viocorp is the leading online video broadcaster in Australia. One of their main products is Vioad, an online and mobile video advertising engine. Vioad includes functionality such as ad targeting, inventory management, campaign manager, sales manager, ad server as well as metrics and reporting. The ad server has an API that exposes functionality for making ad decisions. Public documentation is not available.
 BancBox is a financial solutions service. BancBox allows users to collect, manage, store, and send money and payments. BancBox can be integrated into applications for in-app payments.
The BancBox API allows developers to integrate the functionality of BancBox with other applications. Some example API methods include managing client information, managing payments, scheduling payments, and retrieving account activity.
 SITA's 2D Boarding Pass API creates and delivers an IATA and TSA standard compliant 2D boarding pass image based on information and boarding pass delivery preferences provided by the airlines departure control/check-in application. Delivery options include email, SMS, Apple PassBook (PassKit compatible) or the board code image can be displayed on web, mobile web or pushed for used in Smartphone apps.
Interested developers can request an API key and check out and test the API from www.developer.aero. Full set of documentation available.
 Mocean Mobile is an advertising service for mobile devices. It offers publishers, mobile ad networks, and app stores a platform for maximizing their mobile revenue. The platform can be used to manage mobile ad campaigns, receive real-time reports and analytics, and support rich media advertisements. Mocean Mobile offers a REST API that allows developers to retrieve reporting data programmatically.
 LeadSyncer allows users to collect and organize leads on a mobile device, using either a wireless or cellular network. This allows leads to be reliably saved while at exhibitions, going door-to-door, or in other situations where one might be gathering information outside the office. LeadSyncer allows users to design their own data forms and export collected leads to Excel. Automatic synchronization is available when connected to the internet, but LeadSyncer still functions when no internet is available.
 Drawbridge is a service for both advertisers and publishers for mobile application advertising. Advertisers can target their audiences with different ads for different applications and publishers can monetize their applications and content.
The Drawbridge Reports API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Drawbridge with other applications. Some example API methods include running reports on campaign statistics, managing account information, and editing and creating reports.
 The service allows applications to deliver notifications, called Tile and Toast messages, to mobile devices running the Windows Phone 7 operating system. It centralizes and simplifies error and problem reporting by alerting registered devices when error conditions are triggered, while at the same time notifying Microsoft of bugs or problems uncovered in the operating system.
API methods support sending of either tile or toast notifications, either immediately to a single device or via queued delivery to multiple devices. Queued delivery allows for multiple retries where devices are not available to receive messages. Methods also allow retrieval of a list of devices associated with an account.
 Applicasa is a server side solution that lets developers build backends for their mobile apps. Applicasas offers a drag and drop interface for database creation allowing a backend to be built in minutes. The Applicasa API contains CRUD functions, filters, paging, sorting and queries such as push notification, scheduling and API calling options. Responses are formatted in JSON.
 CallME! Click-to-Call is web-based calling service. Users create accounts linked to their phone numbers and can manage incoming and outgoing telephony functions. Click-to-Call can be used as a long distance calling service, or can regulate operational hours for phone calls made from a userâ€™s website. They provide a RESTful API that exposes the Click-to-Callâ€™s essentially telephony functions as well as data retrieval.
 iZettle is a mobile, tablet, and website payment application. Users can accept payments via mobiles, tablets, and the web with iZettle.
The iZettle API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iZettle with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, processing payments, and retrieving payment information.
 Popcarte provides custom cards, postcards and invitations, printed and sent directly to your recipient. The company's mobile app also allows your photos to be used on cards.
The Popcarte SDK allows developers to include this functionality within their own applications. Provide the service with a photo and text to be used, then the users securely supplies credit card information and directly to Popcarte. Developers receive a portion of the sale.
 Geodrop is a platform for sending and receiving SMS messages as well as mobile payments. Users can send a bulk SMS message and receive them via a dedicated number. The API gives users the ability to send and receive messages, look up contact information, and make mobile payments. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON. Some documentation is in Italian.
 Myxer is service for entertainment discovery. Users can browse through Myxerâ€™s catalog of media for free music, apps, movies, games, and more. They may also upload their own creations to the catalog. Myxer is well-integrated with Facebook and Twitter which allows users to share their favorite finds. The Myxer API is RESTful and exposes access to usersâ€™ profiles, and the websiteâ€™s media catalog. It provides XML-formatted responses.
 Beintoo is a mobile engagement platform provider in more than 120 Million devices, offering a unique loyalty program for mobile and web applications. Beintoo rewards users with virtual credits, called â€œBedollars,â€ for achievements and daily activities on the web and in applications and games. Bedollars are meritocratic, global, and can be redeemed in the Beintoo Marketplace or in the online store of Beintooâ€™s retail partners for premium offers from national and local, brick-and-mortar retailers. Via Beintooâ€™s engine, mobile developers can attain deeper user engagement and higher retention at no cost, while brands and retailers can maximize the efficiency of their promotions to reach conversion rates that are high above average.
 TapCrowd is a mobile app development service. It is intended for businesses and brands to create content-delivery apps for their audiences. TapCrowd provides preset layouts and tools for different business types, such as â€œCar Dealersâ€ and â€œEvents & Festivals.â€ These layouts are further customizable. The RESTful TapCrowd API exposes the content updating functionality of their service. Developers can integrate this function with other backend or frontend components of the business. The API returns JSON-formatted data.
 Nexage is a mobile advertising platform where users can buy and sell advertising for mobile applications. Nexage provides services for both publishers and advertisers.
The Nexage API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Nexage with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should inquire here: http://www.nexage.com/contact-us.
 The service polls a mobile device and provides information about its capabilities and desktop configuration. It detects a range of over 500 capabilities including operating system, Javascript support, supported image sizes, table support, and others.
API methods support submission of a request specifying the mobile browser user-agent and the desired format for returned data. The API responds with detailed specifications for the system submitting the request for use in configuring display options to maximize device-specific compatibility.
 PayAnywhere is an online and mobile application that allows users to accept and process credit card statements on smartphones and tablets.
The PayAnywhere API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayAnywhere with other applications for mobile or web. Interested developers should contact developers@payanywhere.com for API access.
 ZooZ provides a quick and easy way to checkout and pay on mobile devices. With the multi-platform ZooZ SDK, mobile developers can easily integrate secure in-app payments with a few lines of code. After integration, app users are offered a true mobile wallet that is fast, easy to use and secure. ZooZ also aggregates various payment sources, such as credit cards and PayPal in one universal solution (additional eWallets and carrier billing coming soon). User details are securely stored in a cloud environment and shared across supporting apps, resulting in higher conversion rates and a quicker checkout experience.
 Kony is a mobile application development service. Kony helps customers build mobile applications, as well as hosting mobile applications and providing backend solutions for mobile applications.
The Kony API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kony with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include synching data, managing user information, and managing events. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up for more information.
 Kawet is a mobile app creation platform. Its main prodcut is Cashew, a CMS dedicated to the design and management of mobile apps. The platform is based on a CMS and aims to reduce the time and const to create, manage and devlier business apps across multiple devices. An API is available that exposes much of the functionality of the CMS allowing developer to create native apps. Documentation is not publicly available.
 Saygent is an in-application feedback service. Saygent can be integrated into mobile applications, websites, and in-store POS to gather customer feedback.
The Saygent API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Saygent with other applications. Some example API methods include making calls, retrieving feedback, accessing responses and respondents, and managing account information. Provider can be contacted at answers@saygent.com
 Clover is a one-tap payment app for mobile purchases. It offers two layers of security by locking the account to a phone number/mobile device and requiring PIN authentication. The user enters payment and shipping information just once, then can make mobile purchases with a click on the Clover icon.
The Clover REST API is available for merchants to list, accept, reject and refund orders using RESTful calls.
 WorldMate is a mobile travel itinerary management platform. The platform collates structured itineraries by recognizing and then parsing confirmation emails from travel providers worldwide. The itineraries are then accessible via the WorldMate web application and a mobile application.
The WorldMate API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WorldMate with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include parsing emails, retrieving traveller information, and retrieving travel provider information.
 The service provides tracking and oversight tools for mobile workers. It helps with measurement and management of remote employees to ensure effective mobile service. It integrates with third-party systems to exchange information about staff locations and activities, with reporting intervals from 5 minutes to once per day or week.
API methods support worker account management, including location, status, and activities underway. Location can be tracked by worker report or automated GPS reporting. Methods support highly details route and timing reports, with recording of navigation milestones passed and stop times. Methods also support time management and reporting, with job assignments, completion time estimates, and timecard functions for payroll.
 PayPass Online allows checkout from a site or app using any wallet that belongs to the Paypass Online network. This speeds up the checkout process by allowing customers to use the payment and shipping information already associated with their wallet of choice on the network. PayPass Online supports full and mobile sites and both Android and iOS apps. This service is free for both consumers and merchants.
 Breezy is a mobile printing app that allows multiple devices in a mobile workforce to print from designated machines. It allows users to print widely through a network of printing partners. It works on API with a simple SDK that allows for easy integration with new devices. The API operates on SSL and uses oAuth2 for securing integration.
 The Moki Total Control provides programmatic access for Moki's functionality for devices and device actions. Moki provides a cloud-based mobile device management (MDM) platform allowing developers to manage iOS and Android devices remotely. Developers can retrieve data about devices, profiles, managed apps, action status, and more, plus remove devices and manage tags.
 Teleportd is a service that aggregates, organizes, and makes photos taken and shared from smartphones searchable. Teleportd allows customers to search photos and contact the owner for permissions.
The Teleportd API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Teleportd with other applications. Some example API methods include searching and retrieving photos by location, time periods, and users, as well as user account management.
 Wishpot is a social shopping service that lets users save and share things they find in stores or online. The items are then organized using online lists or registries that can be shared with others.
The Wishpot Price alert engines enables any requester to track price changes and trigger alerts on specific URLs. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 Wishpot is a social shopping service that lets users save and share things they find in stores or online. The items are then organized using online lists or registries that can be shared with others.
The Wishpot coupon service aggregates and normalizes a variety of coupons data sources. The Product Portals retrieve coupons from a single service. These coupons can also be queried via an API. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 Wishpot is a social shopping service that lets users save and share things they find in stores or online. The items are then organized using online lists or registries that can be shared with others.
The Wishpot Social Commerce framework enables developers to build social, mobile and web commerce applications. Users can build marketplaces, specific mobile shops, dedicated apps, and more. Cart and checkout scenarios are supported through PayPal. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 Duo Security enables protected login and transactional functions for smartphones users. It does this by sending users authorization verification from web-based platform to their phones, in addition to their login. Their REST API provides integration to their two-factor authentication process. It is a RESTful API, and returns JSON (defaut), BSON, and XML responses.
 Duo Security enables protected login and transactional functions for smartphones users. It does this by sending users authorization verification from web-based platform logins to their phones. Their Verify API provides access to the verification function with a one-time PIN number, as well as lookup methods for specific phone numbers and IP addresses. The API is RESTful and responds with JSON, BSON, and XML.
 txtNation is a Mobile Billing and SMS Messaging provider. The txtNation Gateway HLR Mobile Number lookup platform enables companies to retrieve accurate and efficient network information directly from the GSM network in real time. The API provides access to the platform's functionality allowing developer to build various applications. Examples of functionality provided by the API include validating the integrity of mobile subscribers in a database, optimizing message and call-routing by directing SMS messages to the correct network and preventing fraud by implementing ID verification.
scout-for-apps didn't extract the description
 Mob eCommerce is a mobile app (Android and iPhone) for eCommerce platforms Magento, prestashop and others. It allows users to enable their customers to access their eCommerce sites on mobile platforms. The basic functionality of the app lets customers search for products by keyword or category, filter products by price, add products to their cart and checkout the products in their cart. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Firebase is an API that lets developers easily sync and store data in realtime. Developers can use the service to build their apps without having to manage servers or write server-side code. There are clients for Android, iOS and JavaScript (including bindings for Ember, React, Angular and Backbone). The API allows users to access the functionality of Firebase programmatically. The API supports standard CRUD operations on the data within the databases as well as querying of the data. Firebase uses WebSockets to achive realtime communication between clients. Data can also be accessed over the Firebase REST API.
Firebase Simple Login is an additional service that allows developers to authenticate users using only client-side code. Enable authentication via a number of third-party providers, anonymous login, or email / password authentication without having to manually store authentication credentials or run a server.
Firebase Hosting gives developers a fast, secure and reliable way to host their app's static assets such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and media files. It is backed by a global CDN, serves content over SSL by default, and is available either a custom domain or on a subdomain of firebaseapp.com.
 appto.us is a database of mobile and web applications. The appto.us database can be searched and browsed for a variety of mobile and web applications. Developers can add and manage their applications on appto.us.
The appto.us API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of appto.us with other applications. Some example API methods include accessing application information, managing account information, and listing various applications.
 Adfonic is an advertising marketplace for mobile advertising. Adfonic's services allow mobile application developers and publishers to generate revenue through advertising in their applications.
The Adfonic API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Adfonic with their applications. Some example API methods include managing ads, accessing user data and information, and managing templates.
 Keen IO helps app developers build custom analytics & data science features directly into their mobile apps and web dashboards. Keen IO provides the infrastructure and APIs to collect data and build analytics into your business.
 txtNation is a Mobile Billing and SMS Messaging provider.
The txtNation Gateway can be used to deploy any mobile billing or messaging related services, including SMS based campaigns into existing platforms. The SMS Gateway enables businesses to facilitate SMS messaging between themselves and their mobile subscribers. It also allows messages to be sent using the SMPP platform. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 card.io is a mobile payment service. card.io can be integrated within applications for mobile payments. card.io uses the mobile phone's camera for credit card scanning and payment processing.
The card.io API allows developers to integrate the functionality of card.io with other applications. The main API method is accepting payments and retrieving credit card and payment information.
 The service provides a data-collection platform for smartphones designed to invite and log user responses for any application. Forms and collection tools provide touch-friendly controls for ease of use, logical question selection and branching based on user responses, and configurable themes. Data analysis and report tools retrieve responses with a range of visualization options.
API methods support creating and viewing questions to be presented as well as user responses, either by individual submission or in summary.
 The service supports creation and delivery of mobile applications under the iOS and Android operating systems based on HTML5. Applications developed and hosted within the platform can take advantage of authentication services, in-app payments functions, rich-media messaging, and user analytics reports.
API methods support combining functional modules and implementing code to develop applications for delivery via the platform. Applications can upload code and imagery and implement messaging with rich-media elements, along with user authentication and payment processing.
 Capptain is a mobile apps analytics service that allows users to track and communicate with their users in real-time. Features of the service include the ability to track installs and their origins, monitoring of an app's performance, targeted push campaigns and more. The API allows developers to enable real-time app communication. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON. Full documentation is available with login.
 AlertRocket is a service that allows users to send mobile push notifications via their web sites and web applications. The service embeds links on web sites that users can then click to subscribe to receive notifications on their smartphones and tablets. The API exposes this functionality and makes it available to developers. Calls include sending push notifications, modifying registrations, and viewing registrations and feedback. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 WAC is a mobile payment service application. Their products offer in-application payment services for mobile applications.
The WAC Payment API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WAC Payment with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving lists of payments, and managing payments.
 NeuAer is a platform that allows users to automate actions in their digital lives by detecting things happening and things around users in their physical lives. Using proximity applications, NeuAer allows users to connect their phones with other devices and items.
The NeuAer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of NeuAer with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include connecting devices, managing devices, and managing account information.
 Precog is an application building platform. Precog's APIs allow developers to access the functionality of Precog to build, support, store, and analyze features and applications. Some of the API methods include managing jobs, user account management, and retrieving lists and specified paths.
 Mxit is a social networking application for users in Africa. Users of Mxit can share updates, chat with friends, text message, and upload images and media, among other things.
The Mxit API allows developers to access and integrate Mxit with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include sending and receiving messages, listing and retrieving elements, and managing user accounts.
 iBuildApp is a "do-it-yourself" mobile application building platform. iBuildApp offers features and services to help companies and organizations build mobile applications. iBuildApp's features include design tools, media management tools, and social network integrations.
The iBuildApp API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of iBuildApp with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing images, managing events, and managing news items.
 CashFlows is a web and mobile payment service. CashFlows allows businesses to invoice and collect payments from their customers via web or mobile payment platforms.
The CashFlows API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of CashFlows with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include payment management, user account management, and invoicing accounts.
 The Turkish service provides a single platform to collect payments via mobile devices, using either SMS text message, GSM messaging, or web. Payment functions handle transactions like physical products, website subscriptions, content payments, online games, online betting, movie and event ticketing, and more.
API methods support registration of a vendor's SMS application and exchanging messages as well as registration and interactions with a web commerce application. The service processes the requested payment and returns a status message with confirmation or error notification.
 The service provides access to a database of mobile devices and their characteristics for use in detecting and optimizing performance for a specific user platform. It gives high-performance access to the collaborative dotMobi listing, a comprehensive catalog, updated daily, of mobile devices and their characteristics.
API methods support requests providing device identifiers and return full device descriptions and characteristics. Applications can then optimize for the parameters detected.
 Camera+ is an iPhone application that contains several features not included in the standard camera app. Camera+ offers a web sharing API that allows Twitter client authors to show user content within tweet feeds. It also lets users integrate their own Camera+ photos into their websites and applications. The API exposes data for thumbnails and picture metadata as well as user info. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON and TXT.
 My-Cool-SMS lets users send and receive international SMS text messages via web, mobile device, desktop programs and API for a low price. The service sends SMS via Wi-Fi or 3G connections meaning users are not required to have a SIM card. My-Cool-SMS provides web applications that allow users to manager their contacts and messaging campaigns as well as perform analytics.
The My-Cool-SMS API allow users to send and receive SMS text messages, manage mailing lists and retrieve delivery reports. The API can be used to integrate the gateway with any web site or third party application. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 dotMobi is a company specializing in the development of mobile services and systems for 3rd party businesses. .mobi is used as a naming convention to let consumers know that a site works on a mobile phone.
Ready.mobi is a web page testing tool offered by dotMobi. Users enter a page URL to ready.mobi and it evaluates how well the page will display on mobile devices by testing against the Mobile Web Best Practices, and dotMobi compliance rules. The API allows users to run tests for mobile-readiness tests on their web sites and applications without having to use the ready.mobi web interface.The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 dotMobi is a company specializing in the development of mobile services and systems for 3rd party businesses. .mobi is used as a naming convention to let consumers know that a site works on a mobile phone. goMobi, a product of dotMobi allows users to create a mobile website in minutes.
With the goMobi API, resellers can auto-populate goMobi sites for their customers. Please contact you goMobi Account Manager for more information. The configuration API allows users to modify the configuration settings of the goMobi service for a domain. It is made up of a set of API calls that permit the setting of configuration properties, such as the title and description of a goMobi site, the instantiation and de-instantiation of goMobi features or apps for a site, and the modification of theme of a site. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 SendHub is a simple messaging service that lets users send and receive texts for free and access analytics on their performance. SendHub users can let their contacts join groups simply by texting a specified keyword. Users can send messages from any cell phone or web browser without having to install an application. The SendHub API lets developers integrate text messaging functionality into their own applications. Functionality includes sending messages, accessing contacts, viewing groups, viewing threads and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
at&t-mms didn't extract the description
 Jumio Netswipe is an online and mobile payment service. Jumio Netswipe allows for traditional payment transactions, like typing in credit card information, or a newer way to pay, like swiping their card online.
The Jumio Netswipe API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Jumio Netswipe with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving payment information, managing users, and managing account information.
 Kii Cloud is a cloud-hosted backend solution provider for mobile applications. Features of Kii Cloud include user management, application monetization, and analytics and reporting tools.
The Kii Cloud API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kii Cloud with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing user accounts, managing data and media, and requesting ads.
 The GSMA is an association of mobile operators worldwide. Representing more than 800 mobile operators in more than 220 countries, the GSMA supports the standardizing, deployment and promotion of the GSM mobile telephone system. The GSMA also produces industry-leading events such as the Mobile World Congress and Mobile Asia Expo.
The GSMA OneAPI is a set of APIs that expose network capabilities over HTTP. The OneAPI Zonal Presence interface allows a Web application to query a â€˜Zoneâ€™. A zone is a cluster of one or more Femtocells to which end user phones may be connected. With the Zonal Presence API you can determine the number of users in a zone, be notified of entries to/exits from the Zone, and the user path taken through the Femtocells in a Zone.
 mobDB is a backend, Push Notification and Analytics service for mobile applications.
The mobDB API allows developers to access the functionality of mobDB to create new applications. Some example API methods include managing accounts, managing users, and accessing analytics reports.
SDK available for iOS, Android and Java.
 Vserv.mobi is a leading mobile advertising network that offers Mobile App and Mobile Web advertising for mobile developers, publishers and advertisers. Vserv provides an HTTP based API to application developers to fetch ads to be rendered within mobile applications or on properties like wap pages. Response formats are either an image or text.
 ViaFo provides a range of solutions for mobile developers that allow them to add services such as Twitter and Facebook in their apps. Viafoâ€™s Services Gateway takes popular actions, such as share, upload, check in, local search, and tags and unifies them across the major services. For consumers, the service lets them aggregate all RSS, news and social networking feeds onto their mobile device. For enterprises, ViaFo solutions allow mobile access to services from a dedicated client. The API gives developers access to the functionality of the ViaFo Services Gateway. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 The CityGrid network APIs give developers access to premium local content including user reviews, editorial content, merchant messages & more, across 75K neighborhoods nationwide. CityGrid Media is an online media company that connects web and mobile publishers with local advertising organizations by linking them through CityGrid, its local content and advertising network.
CityGrid provides a set of local advertising APIs, where users can request ads by category and geography, and CityGrid servers will generate advertisements from their advertising partner network. Users can choose to have CityGrid generate ad images, or simply obtain ad data from CityGrid and render the images themselves. Users can get ad information in XML or JSON, or make an Ajax call to have the images loaded directly in their pages. Users can also get paid for various impressions and referrals from certain business listings provided by the Places API, by adding tracking code to their pages and referral parameters to URLs.
 The service processes payments for web and mobile application purchases, either one-time or recurring, from balances maintained with the service. Applications can integrate selling/shopping access with the service to complete mobile phone charges, set up customer billing, and complete customer transactions.
API methods allow submission of customer purchase details, including identity information, language, product purchased and price, etc. Response includes order identifier, total order price, national currency, and merchant information. Methods also support posting of subscription purchases.
gsma-oneapi-payment didn't extract the description
 The GSMA is an association of mobile operators worldwide. Representing more than 800 mobile operators in more than 220 countries, the GSMA supports the standardizing, deployment and promotion of the GSM mobile telephone system. The GSMA also produces industry-leading events such as the Mobile World Congress and Mobile Asia Expo.
The GSMA OneAPI is a set of APIs that expose network capabilities over HTTP. The OneAPI MMS/SMS interface allows a Web application to send and receive MMS and SMS messages. It uses both REST and SOAP protocola with responses in XML and JSON.
 The GSMA is an association of mobile operators worldwide. Representing more than 800 mobile operators in more than 220 countries, the GSMA supports the standardizing, deployment and promotion of the GSM mobile telephone system. The GSMA also produces industry-leading events such as the Mobile World Congress and Mobile Asia Expo.
The GSMA OneAPI is a set of APIs that expose network capabilities over HTTP. The OneAPI location interface allows a Web application to query the location of one or more mobile devices that are connected to a mobile operator network. It uses both REST and SOAP protocola with responses in XML and JSON.
 Inneractive is a mobile ad mediation provider with over 100 ad networks and local agencies available at the click of a button. Inneractive helps developers monetize their apps by giving them tools that let them serve targeted ads to their users. The company offers SDKs for Android, J2ME, Symbian & Qt. For other platforms, developers can use an HTTP based API to gain access to multiple ad networks. Documentation for the API is not publicly available.
 InMobi is the world's largest independent mobile advertising network. Publishers use the network to monetize their inventory while advertisers use it to reach their audience. The InMobi API allows developers to insert their ads in J2ME, PSP, or any other platform. With the API users can manage multiple platforms. The API can also be used to integrate mobile websites, iOS & Android apps and other mobile applications. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 TagLabs created its ActiveTag platform to allow clients to integrate QR codes with their mobile advertising and marketing efforts. ActiveTag allows its users to generate QR codes and tie actions or content to them, enabling incentives and promotions to engage users with push-oriented interactions. Currently, only the highest "Enterprise" plan gives access to the ActiveTag API, and its associated analytics software.
In the ActiveTag platform a tag represents an asset of interest such as a physical product, a website, or a marketing campaign. The purpose of the ActiveTag platform is to connect these assets to customers, and to use QR codes to allow users to share these assets easily with others. The ActiveTag API is designed to enhance the ability to integrate the ActiveTag platform with existing systems, exposing methods for managing tags and collections of tags, as well as creating QR codes.
 WallaBee is a location-based collectible game application for mobile phones. Users of WallaBee can collect items from locations to build collections, buy items from the WallaBee store to complete their collections, and play the game with friends.
The WallaBee API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WallaBee with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching and returning items and images, displaying activity feeds, and accessing store items.
 Esponce is a mobile marketing platform that allows users to create QR codes, track and analyze their use, and integrate codes with mobile web apps. Through their mobile marketing platform, Esponce also provides features for mobile content and delivery, including a white label solution that is designed to give users an optimized platform for building and deploying their web apps without having to configure them for multiple mobile OS's.
Esponce's RESTful API uses XML or JSON data formats to generate or decode QR codes without an API key. With an API key, users can take advantage of more robust features such as managing campaigns, generating lists of campaigns and trackable QR codes, managing QR codes, and gathering usage statistics about individual QR codes.
 Scotty App is a backend management service for mobile applications. Scotty App is hosted in the cloud. With Scotty App, users can add features to their applications and choose or create models for their applications.
The Scotty App API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Scotty App with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include user management, retrieve lists of apps and organizations, and create new users, organizations, and applications.
 CloudyRec is a cloud-hosted backend solution for mobile applications. Users of CloudyRec can create, manage, and deploy their mobile applications.
The CloudyRec web API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of CloudyRec with other applications and to create new applications. CloudyRec offers both a sandbox API and a production API. Some example API methods include managing app resources, creating resources, and listing resources.
 Msgme is a digital messaging and mobile marketing CRM platform. It allows businesses to create interactive dialogues with their customers through the use of SMS, MMS, QR Codes, voice and social channels. The API is a suite of services that give developers access to the full functionality of the platform. Developers can manipulate data across subscription lists, create or delete campaigns, manage subscribers, pull content from feeds, look up account keywords, retrieve voicemails and interact with the messaging system. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 ABTXT is an SMS gateway provider allowing clients to use the gateway on their own sites and provide SMS services to their site visitors. The API lets developers access the service programmatically. Methods exposed by the API include sending single/multiple sms messages, check user balance, check delivery status, scheduling messages and more. The API uses HTTP calls.
 SUMOTEXT is an SMS marketing service provider that allow companies to control their text message marketing, SMS alerts and short code notifications. The SMS Gateway API lets users send and receive SMS from their web sites and applications through the use of short codes. Coverage includes the U.S., Canada and over 800 carriers in over 200 countries. The API uses HTTP calls. Developers can call to request API documentation.
 MdotM is a mobile ad network that provides application promotion and monetization services through advertising. The API lets users access the platform's functionality such as tracking conversion events, retrieving account history, campaign performance data, audience statistics and updating campaign parameters such as bids, targeting and caps. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Centili is a cloud based mobile payments service. Consumers can use Centili to charge their purchases of online products to their phone bill. The Centili API gives partners the ability to control and customize their payment process. The API can be used by independent developers, B2B Partners, commercial cloud solutions and vertical market specialists. API documentation is not publicly available but can be access to registered partners.
at&t-device-capabilities didn't extract the description
 TeleSign's Messaging service is a REST API that allows you to send SMS messages, alerts, reminders, and notifications, or send verification messages containing one-time passcodes (OTP). TeleSign provides a way to build communications and account security into your web and mobile apps. It is a cloud communications platform that empowers Web and mobile app developers build powerful and secure communication products using a dynamic platform with a large global network. TeleSign supports numerous use cases from SMS and voice messaging, two-factor authentication (2FA), one-time passwords (OTPs), data intelligence, fraud scoring and more. TeleSign‘s easy-to-integrate APIs and SDKs deliver speed, reliability and proven success, that maintains high quality direct-to-carrier routes to ensure a reliable global reach. TeleSign handles billions of communication transactions each year, across 200 countries and 87 languages. Four of the 5 largest companies in the world trust TeleSign to deliver mission critical communications and account security with the highest availability.
 Apsalar ApScience is a mobile analytics platform integrated with targeting and optimization tools aimed at helping users increase their mobile engagement and revenues. ApScience allows users to define and track the execution of events within their applications.
Apsalar supports a REST API for submitting events which allows Apsalar to be integrated into existing applications. Full documentation is not publicly available but developers can obtain access by contacting the provider.
 Kik is a cross platform mobile messaging application for smartphones that aims to be faster and more social than standard SMS messages. Users can see when messages are delivered and read, and even when friends are typing. The Kik API lets users push content from one instance of a developer's app to other instances of the app on other phones. This is done via Kik messages.
 xAd is a mobile advertising service that specializes in location-aware ads. Advertisers can use xAd to push their ads out to local customers and publishers can integrate xAd ads into their applications and services.
The xAd API allows developers to integrate the xAd functionality and data into web and mobile applications. Public documentation is not available. API access comes with a publisher account.
 Mopapp tracks and analyzes a user's sales and downloads of their mobile apps, then generates reports on the data. Mopapp automatically integrates with iTunes App Store, Android Market, WP7 Markerplace, BlackBerry App World, Amazon Appstore, GetJar, Handango, and MobiHand. The API can be used to programmatically export sales, or to insert new ones to track from within any third party source. Additional functionality includes deleting sales, and retrieving the sales/downloads for all or for specific stores/platforms/applications/countries. It uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 Device Magic builds applications for mobile devices and smartphones that help users reduce their reliance on paper forms for data capture (applications, checklists, to-do lists, surveys and more) by allowing rapid creation and distribution of electronic forms to mobile devices. The API lets developers build workflow and routing applications integrated into their current back-office systems. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 ProTexting is a SMS messaging company offering text message marketing and communication solutions for businesses. Some of their services include SMS keywords, SMS Sweeps, Voting, SMS Loyalty, Analytics and reporting, QR codes, Mobile Surveys, etc.
The ProTexting SMS API allows users programmatic access to some of the services provided by a ProTexting SMS account, including sending and receiving SMS messages, getting message details (including carrier, message ID number, and delivery status), and checking or reserving keywords, managing contacts and groups, send and receive MMS (photos and videos), send and receive international SMS and MMS.
The ProTexting SMS API operates over HTTP and responds via XML or plain-text response codes. SSL is supported by this API, which requires an account with service and purchased account credits for most method calls. Both JSON and XML are supported as well.
 Betwext is a SMS messaging company that provides users with a variety of SMS related features and services. Their primary business comes from Betwext Broacast, which provides services for managing and executing SMS campaigns. Broadcast allows users to manage subscribers, execute A/B testing through SMS, create keyword responses, and segment and target campaigns.
The Betwext Broadcast API allows programmatic access to many features of their Broadcast service, including managing subscribers, lists, keywords, and campaigns. This is RESTful API that returns data in XML or JSON, and requires an API Key for access.
 SMStrade provides services for sending and receiving SMS messages internationally. They offer SMS gateway services, providing bulk SMS capability, HTTP and email integration for SMS reception, and a web payment system that is available in 60 countries.
The majority of the SMStrade API is available over HTTP, though limited SOAP services are available, and all API methods are available over SSL. The API provides functionality for sending and receiving messages, account management, reporting, and bulk and time-delayed messages. There is also documented support for sending messages with international characters.
Please note that, while the majority of the site and documentation is available in English through their .eu portal, some content is only available in German on their .de site.
 iVisionMobile provides mobile messaging and marketing solutions for companies looking to address their messaging needs with a web-based software platform. Their software handles both individual or batch messaging, depending on user needs.
The iVisionMobile SOAP and REST-based API's include services for interacting with their SMS gateway, such as data importing and exporting, messaging, and reporting. Their API's also provide services for mobile content delivery, allowing users to deliver messages, set up SMS polls, or send inline links.
 HyperOffice is an online collaboration software. The suite of tools includes project, contact and document management, email and calendar features. These features (also called portals) are exposed in the HyperOffice API, a set of web services that allow customers, resellers, and partners to control portals. The APIs allow third party services to access data, enter data into the system, and even sychronize data using the date-range specific queries.
 Footfeed is a mobile geo location check-in aggregator network that lets users checkin to many networks simultaneously. The Footfeed API lets developers build multi check-in enabled applications and websites that interact with the Footfeed platform. The API can be used to create new ways to check-in to multiple services simultaneously, including Facebook Places, Google Latitude, Foursquare, Footfeed, and Gowalla or build a single check-in service app. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML, JSON and YAML.
 MobiCart is a mobile commerce (mCommerce) management platform that works with mobile, tablet, and web applications and links to a company's website. MobiCart can be built and customized based on customer needs.
The MobiCart API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of MobiCart. Some example API methods include accessing store information, managing product information, retrieving user details, and adding and managing orders.
 JunglePay is a mobile and phone payment and billing service. JunglePay is supported in 80 countries and they also offer SMS capabilities. JunglePay can be used on mobile or web applications for payment and billing services.
The JunglePay API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of JunglePay with other applications and services. Some example API methods include listing and managing payments, sending SMS messages, and accessing user information.
 FaceCash is a mobile payment platform that allows users to pay for goods and services with face recognition technology at merchants that accept FaceCash. FaceCash also offers mobile coupons for participating merchants.
The FaceCash API allows developers to integrate FaceCash functionality with merchant's point of sale applications and other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with a FaceCash account.
 Aepona is a service that brings mobile data and intelligence to the cloud. Aepona also offers mobile payment hosting and solutions, as well as billing tools. Other Aepona products include monetization platforms for web and mobile application providers.
The Aepona API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Aepona into other applications and services. Some example API methods include accessing customer information, finding people on networks, and initiating mobile payment and billing services.
 The Bango Analytics API allows users to retrieve Bango analytics data for integration with external reporting systems.
Bango Analytics uses visitor identification and profiling to gather information including user device, country, and operator. The purpose of Bango Analytics is to empower users with an understanding of visitor behavior and engagement levels across mobile websites.
This API uses SOAP, and requires an account with service for access.
 Cellfire is a service that offers electronic coupons. Users can save their coupons to their grocery store savings card. The savings can be redeemed at checkout, and the service is available via website or mobile application.
The Cellfire API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cellfire into other applications. Some example API methods include adding coupons and discounts to the Cellfire platform, listing coupons and discounts on websites, and editing coupon and discount information. Public documentation is not available. The Cellfire API enables customization of coupons.
 Zypr is an application with an API that is designed to work across a variety of platforms, including mobiles, web applications, and other electronic devices. Zypr's API collects numerous APIs, like Facebook, Twitter, weather APIs, and Amazon, categorizes them based on function, and turns those APIs into one API.
Zypr's API, like Apple's Siri, allows developers to write voice activated commands for integration into other applications. Some example API methods include adding appointments to calendars, posting on Facebook or Twitter, and checking weather.
 The Verizon Terminal Status API allows developers to access Verizon's service for determining if a mobile device is online or offline. The Terminal Status API allows your application can then intelligently direct traffic (e.g., messages), make requests (e.g., location) or otherwise interact with that mobile device by leveraging the Verizon network to detect the presence of active devices.
This API uses both REST and SOAP protocols.
 SMSGlobal is an sms provider providing web and application based interfaces for sending and receiving SMS. The API allows developers to integrate their applications or web sites to SMSGlobal. It can be used for both one way and two way communication. The API is available in HTTP, SOAP and SMPP formats.
 Timecard is a mobile timesheet software solution that enables employees to log time, attendance, and job information remotely via their mobile devices.
The Econz Timecard API is a SOAP based service that allows users to integrate their current systems with Timecard software and services. The API provides methods for retrieving, updating, and deleting data stored on the Timecard server.
 Econz Eservice is a Mobile Field Service Dispatch and Work Order Management System that works on Cell Phones, Smart Phones, and Tablets. Eservice is web-based software that enables a field service team to receive and respond to customer work orders.
The Eservice API allows authorized users to directly connect their system to the ECONZ EService Job Management and Wireless Dispatch system. The interface allows jobs to be created, updated, dispatched, progressed, and completed. In addition, it also allows for the creation and maintenance of customer, resource, and employee data.
 The TeleNav Track API is a SOAP-based interface that, when paired with a mobile client service, allows companies to persistently monitor and gather information about their mobile workforce.
This API enables companies to dispatch jobs to mobile devices, send and receive wireless forms, track events and locations of GPS-enabled cell phones, get location-based alerts, and gather custom reports from connected mobile devices.
 StackMob offers a complete backend stack for developers of mobile applications. It enables developers to implement a custom API to store and retrieve data, write custom code, integrate key services like push notifications, social integration, and more. The RESTful API is currently in private beta and documentation is not publicly available.
 The TeleNav Share API is designed to help users easily send an address from a website or a mobile application directly to their phone. Developers can use this API to place a "Send to Phone" option next to address listings. TeleNav Share's API supports SOAP, as well as REST via HTTP GET/POST, and can accommodate both XML and JSON data formats.
 Cogent Mobile is a voice CRM application that allows users to manage their CRM with voice commands, as well as using their CRM on mobile devices.
The Cogent Mobile API allows developers to access and integrate Cogent Mobile functionality into other services and applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should contact info@cogentmobile.com for more information and API access.
 Yospace is a platform and service for mobile video creation and delivery. Yospace allows publishers and broadcasters to host and manage their video content for mobile, advertisers to integrate video mobile ads into mobile applications, and developers to create mobile applications.
The Yospace API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Yospace. Some example API methods include managing queues, uploading and managing media, and accessing account information.
 DIDWW is a service that provides local phone numbers in numerous countries and cities. DIDWW also provides call forwarding to VoIP, mobile phones, and other phones around the world.
The DIDWW API allows developers to access and integrate DIDWW functionality and information into other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving regions and rates, creating and editing orders, and getting service details.
 Freespee is a mobile advertising company for businesses whose customers want to connect with a representative before they make a purchase. Freespee's smartphone ads, placement optimization technology, and tracking analytics make mobile display advertising convert just as well as search. Founded by VoIP (voice over Internet protocol) executives in 2008, Freespee is headquartered in Sweden.
 Photopoll is an application that allows users to take and share photos for instant feedback from their friends and followers. Users can take photos, customize them, share them with their friends, and poll their friends for their feedback.
The Photopoll API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Photopoll to build other applications. Some example API methods include listing and creating polls, accessing votes on polls, listing friends and users, and creating and showing comments.
 Gigwalk is a service that allows people to post "gigs" of collecting information using their mobile phones and instantly send the information back to the requester. People can accept gigs and get paid for collecting the information.
The Gigwalk API allows developers to access the data and functionality of Gigwalk. Some example API methods include retrieving gig information, getting gig details, and getting task results.
 Dialogue provides interactive services for mobile messaging and mobile billing. Dialogueâ€™s bulk SMS API product lets users send bulk SMS text messages to global networks from their applications using an SMS gateway platform. Users can connect to Dialogueâ€™s SMS gateway platform with one of the following SMS API interfaces: HTTP, SOAP, SMTP, SMPP. Developers must contact Dialogue for API documentation.
 Burstly is a monetization platform for application developers. It allows developers to integrate ads into their applications for profit.
The Burstly Download Tracking API allows developers to track downloads of their applications, as well as the ad conversions within the applications.
 Mobile Roadie is a service for musicians to create and manage mobile applications to engage with their fans. Features included with Mobile Roadie include selling tickets to shows, selling music, adding music, and interacting with fans.
The Mobile Roadie API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data from Mobile Roadie into other applications such as MySpace. Some example API methods include creating content, adding content, editing content, retrieving comments, and managing users information.
 Mobli is a real-time visual media platform social networking service. Through channels, such as people channels, subject channels, event channels, and place channels, users can upload and share media such as photos and videos in real-time.
The Mobli API allows developers to access the data and functionality of Mobli. Public documentation is not available, but interested developers can sign up to request access.
 Socialize is a service that provides developers with a drop-in social platform for their mobile apps, with an iOS and an Android SDK available. With the Socialize service users can like, share, and comment on content directly from an app, and users can view statistics, such as views, for different items. With the Socialize API, users are more engaged in developer's apps, which can increase revenue from ads for the developer.
 PixlinQ is a mobile visual search feature that can be integrated into mobile applications or used with mobile email and MMS. PixlinQ lets developers link their users to targeted digital content directly on their phones whenever users take pictures of developer's printed content. The pixlinQ searchimage API allows developers to integrate visual search functionality into their applications using an API key and database of images they have created with the pixlinQ CMS. Supported formats include jpeg, png, bmp, gif. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 appFigures is a reporting platform for iPhone developers that automatically downloads and visualizes iTunes Connect sales data with App Store reviews and ranks for all of their apps. Developers can get detailed reports daily by email, view hourly rankings, and get translated reviews. The appFigures API allows for another way to interact with reports and account data. The API is available to all appFigures members, regardless of plan type.
 [This API is no longer available and this page is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
BOKU is an online payments service that lets consumers pay for virtual and digital goods with their mobile phones. The API allows developers to integrate the BOKU service into their own web sites. Users can use the API for currency translation in 50 countries as well as displaying the language in the visitor's language. Documentation is available upon registration.
 Shoudio is a location based audio platform that lets users record and share geo-tagged audio snippets with friends via Shoudio.com, Twitter, Facebook and Foursquare. The API lets developers retrieve data and post shoudios of their own. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 StorageRoom is a cloud-based CMS for the data in user Mobile Applications. It provides a platform to manage content online and to integrate that content into one or multiple mobile or desktop apps. The API lets users integrate the StorageRoom service into their applications. The API provides almost all of StorageRoom's functionality including: Create a new Collection that contains further Entries Add new Entries, your Collection's validation rules will be obeyed Update or delete any Entry Search all your Entries to only get the data you require.
It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 AppsGeyser is a web platform that allows users to convert any web content to apps for Android OS. With AppsGeyser users can clip any web content or get any web widget and convert it to an app. The Appsgeyser API allows users to convert existing web content, HTML5 and web widgets into native Android mobile apps via a web call. Users can send an XML request along with the web content using predetermined parameters such as name, description and images for the app. The native mobile app is created instantly and users are provided with a direct link and QR Code for download. AppsGeyser API works over HTTP and accepts POST requests. The API is currently in private Beta and full documentation is not publicly available.
 VodoModo provides premium geolocation video for location, map and navigation services, both mobile and web. The Vodomodo API supports three main API functions: the tour list, tour detail and video key calls. The tour list call returns a list of the currently active tours in the Vodomodo system. The tour detail call returns all of the details for a specific tour in the Vodomodo system. The video key call returns a key that allows access to one of the videos on the Vodomodo platform. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 Connection Software is a supplier of SMS and MMS services including text messaging, ringtones, graphics, Java applications, MMS and related software including J2ME. It provides an API that lets users upload a RTTTL or RTX ringtone string to the library. The API uses HTTP protocol.
 Proxomo is a cloud infrastructure solution specifically designed with mobile developers in mind. The tool kit is for social location aware applications. The Proxomo services help developers realize results faster and cheaper by allowing them to focus on the mobile app or website freeing them from worrying about developing connections to external services and rolling a scalable server infrastructure for hosting. Proxomoï¿½s API allows third-party developers to leverage this platform in any given social context.
Proxomo helps developers store application data, interact with events (invitations), access friend graph information (currently from Facebook), geocode users via IP or address, store and access location data, create SMS notifications and storing user preferences and data.
The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 The Verizon ThingSpace MapQuest API is a Geospatial toolkit using the MapQuest platform to incorporate location-based functionality into your applications. MapQuest provides businesses and developers with an industry-leading geospatial platform that includes the tools, resources, and expertise needed to build rich and engaging geospatial solutions across Web, mobile Web, native mobile, and desktop. These MapQuest tools are available on ThingSpace on a trial basis. During a trial, you can perform up to 15,000 transactions at no charge.
 Yandex is the largest search engine in Russia and develops a number of Internet-based services and products. Yandex offers owners of websites and blogs tools with which they can apply the functional services of Yandex in their projects. The site and documentation are in Russian.
The Yandeks Detektor API provides the ability to model definition and characteristics of the mobile device user site on the headers of HTTP-requests transmitted by the browser to the device. The API allows users to define the following parameters and configure the device: model and manufacturer; screen resolution; kind of platform and type of distribution J2ME (4 categories); Java-based application features (access to the camera and the file system device type of the root certificate and the size of the application's icon). The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Fortumo is an open mobile payment platform, currently operating in 58 countries worldwide. Fortumo's SMS-connectivity/mobile payments API enables developers to easily integrate mobile payments with any app, game or web-service. It uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The Telenor SOAP-based Status Push API is one of the APIs related to the Telenor Service Gateway. The Status Push API allows developers to create applications that can see the status, busy or free, of mobile phones belonging to a network (business/corporation).
 The Telenor SOAP-based Click to Call API is one of the APIs related to the Telenor Service Gateway. This APIs allows developers to create applications that allow users to initialize calls to a phone number from the web (on either a computer or mobile phone).
 Audioboo is a mobile and web platform that allows users to record and upload audio for friends, family or others to hear. The Audioboo API allows developers to have their applications integrate with the platform. Functionality includes methods dealing with audio clips, users, followers and messages. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON, JSONP and YAML.
 The Address Book API from Vodafone is part of a suite of JavaScript-based widget APIs that provide mobile web applications access to the underlying hardware. In the case of the Address Book API, developers can access the contacts and calendar items stored on the phone.
at&t-sms didn't extract the description
at&t-wap-push didn't extract the description
 The Audio API from Vodafone is part of a suite of JavaScript-based widget APIs that provide mobile web applications access to the underlying hardware. The Audio API lets developers play common audio formats right in the mobile browser. The API provides a basic player interface including: * play, pause, resume, and stop functions * allows repeat play * supports playing of local and remote files, i.e. audio streaming
 The Accelerometer API from Vodafone is part of a suite of JavaScript-based widget APIs that provide mobile web applications access to the underlying hardware. The Accelerometer API provides access to the device's accelerometer, which determines the position and movement of the device.
 ThirdPresence API can be used to do a deep integration of ThirdPresence mobile video platform, which is a white-label mobile video publishing service. Developers can integrate ThirdPresence into their content management system or any application. The API allows applications to list, update, add and delete videos. Additionally, the API provides access to the categorization system used by ThirdPresence.
 QRGen is an API that enables you to create custom dynamic QR Codes that are optimized for North American mobile camera phones. SPARQCode is a 2D optical recognition technology provider that specializes in the mobile phone space. The OR Codes that are created can invoke users' phones to dial a phone number, open a map, send an SMS message and more. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are QR Codes.
 Using this API, a developer's application can access the China Mobile 139 platform, open the data and its business functions. Mobile Internet provides access to API 139 multi-lingual client SDK, through the SDK, can help developers access to API interface. Developers can access functionality such as returning lists of users and friends, reply to feeds, access photo albums and more. An API key is required and it uses RESTful protocol. Responses are formatted in XML and JSON. The site and documentation are in Chinese.
 The MapQuest Open Guidance API allows developers to create mobile navigation applications. Rather than simply providing the geometry of a route and narrative directions, the Guidance API shares the graph and nodes of the streets. Developers can use the service, along with the user's current location, to determine what street a user is passing and whether the user needs to turn.
The MapQuest Open Guidance API is built on OpenStreetMap data. Like other open MapQuest services, this one is made available free of charge and without limits. The RESTful API returns either XML or JSON.
 The Gloe API is an HP Labs experiment in geo-tagging. The service allows developers to retrieve links that correspond to a specific location. The database is pre-populated with Wikipedia articles, but developers can also help their users add to the database. Applications, most likely from mobile devices, can provide their location and suggest a link for that location.
 Display ads to mobile users with the BlueVia Advertising API. BlueVia is a developer initiative from communications company Telefï¿½nica. The Advertising API provides both text and image ads via a REST API. Developers can them take the elements of the advertisement and display it in a method appropriate for their applications.
 Kontangent is a user analytics platform that focuses on collecting and analyzing a variety of data for the social and mobile web. The platform offers a great deal of customization and centers around dynamic data visualization to help inform customers of their user's behavioral habits and patterns.
The Kontagent API allows developers to integrate the Kontagent service into their applications. With the API users can send data to Kontagent as well as perform A/B testing. Users can set up automated responses and the logging of data for particular user actions. The API also allows for the receipt of reports and details for specific users or sets of users. The Custom Event method provides a great amount of customization so developers can create triggers that match their needs. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Opt It Mobile is a mobile marketing application. The Opt It Mobile API is a RESTful API that allows developers to build their own applications around Opt It Mobile's tools. Data is returned in either an XML or JSON format. Through the API, users can create and manage Subscriptions, Keywords, Interests, Members, and Send Messages to their members.
 Mozes is the leader in mobile engagement around music, sports, entertainment and causes. The Developer API provides a way to use Mozes keywords to interface with systems. First, set a Dynamic Content URL which specifies the location of your script. Then, whenever your keyword is texted, your script will be called with the input from the text message.
 The Moodstocks API enables users to integrate visual search into an application. Moodstocks is a company dedicated to visual search on the Internet. They analyze images in terms of their visual properties like color, shape, and texture, interlink them based on their visual similarity and display them into state-of-the-art interfaces. The Moodstocks API provides users with a set of web services to deal with image recognition. It comes with a dashboard to upload data and follow stats in real time. It uses a RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON.
 [This API is no longer available and this page is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
The Xtracked API lets developers build their own GPS tracking system. The API lets developers integrate real-time tracking into their site, directly show others where they are or develop their own mobile Xtracked app. Per the developer, the Xtracked API is currently under development and documentation is incomplete. Xtracked turns your mobile phone into a personal and professional GPS tracking system.
 The QReate.me API allows users to create tags and access tag images and data directly from an app. QReate.me is an online service and API for generating and using QR and DataMatrix tags. Users can use created tags freely in commercial applications and personal projects. With the API, users can create and update tags, get tag images, list tags and scans for tags and more. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML or JSON.
 The RESTful Location API enables users to locate themselves, or provide your application with permission to do so. Alternatively, you can use the IW Location API to retrieve a cell tower's location using the mcc, mnc and cellid from the mobile device.
 The openBmap API returns GPS coordinates and polygon of the considered cellular zone. openBmap is a free and open map of wireless communicating objects (e.g. cellular antenna, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth). It provides tools to mutualize data, create and access this map. With the API users can get the GPS position from cellular networks Cell id. If the cell is not found in the database, it returns LAC data. If the LAC is not found in the database, it returns the MNC data. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses can be formatted in either XML, JSON or TXT.
 The Junaio Callback API allows users to interact with the Junaio server through four types of requests. Junaio is an advanced Augmented Reality browser. It acts as an instant source of information about places, events, bargains or objects located nearby. The API has the following methods: subscribe, search, event and visual search. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 The Panacea Mobile Bulk API enables users to interface directly with an application or web-services in order to communicate with customers. Panacea Mobile is a mobile services company servicing an umbrella of requirements. They specialize in the entire mobile value chain, from the development of software through to the delivery of bulk SMS via an advanced SMS Gateway. Users can access HTTP, SMPP & SMTP APIs. With Panacea Mobile's SMS Gateway, users can send high volume 2-way SMS to any destination in the world. In addition to interfacing with applications users can also set delivery reports.
 The Funambol Cloud API (CAPI) makes it easy for developers to create mobile cloud apps and services that use address book and calendar data, as well as pictures, that are stored in a Funambol mobile cloud server. It can also be used to upload and or update all the data on myFunambol. This allows mobile devices and their data to be rapidly integrated into an app or service. Funambol is the leading provider of mobile cloud sync. Its mobile open source platform can be used for many types of mobile applications, including push email, PIM data synchronization and device management. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in JSON. API examples are provided for Ajax, Java and PHP.
 The ViewText API allows users to request online article text in JSONP format. ViewText transforms web pages into an easy to read format, cleaned of navigation elements, scripts, and other objects, leaving only text to read. Users give ViewText a URL, and it returns just the page content. ViewText also handles RSS feeds, transforming feeds which contain snippets of content into a new feed containing the full article content. Future releases of ViewText will handle additional formats. ViewText was created to make browsing news articles and blog posts easier on mobile phones.
The ViewText API scrapes the page and attempts to remove the design elements so that the content can be viewed in plain text. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSONP.
 Waldstat allows you to keep track of where you are and where you have been. It also allows you to let your social graph know of what you are up to and where you will be. You can explore new locations initialize new events and announce your attendance to them.
 From the site: "Mimvi is completely committed to open and close collaboration with all developersï¿½large and smallï¿½across the board. Our goal is to ensure your efforts are rewarded; your app reaches the right user at the right time; enabling you to focus your efforts on what really mattersï¿½developing apps." The API offers access to a mobile app search engine, featuring a RESTful protocol and returning data via the XML format.
 The Matrix SMS Gateway API allows for integration with various front-end and legacy systems. Matrix SMS Gateway for group messaging provides businesses a hosted messaging platform to add SMS capability to any system, application or website. The APIs offer users a choice of connection options (HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP) that are flexible and will fit many kinds of usage. API functionality includes sending SMS and voice messages, querying message status and cellular carrier lookup. Responses can be formatted in XML or JSON.
 This API lets users monitor their GPS-phone. Users have full control of their own data. Both client software (for phones) and server software is free open source. OpenGeoTracker is an open source platform (both client and server) for logging, retrieving and displaying GPS data. It open sources both the client and server allowing users to set up their own server and control all the data. It uses RESTful calls and responses can be formatted in CSV or KML.
 The service enables payment from a user's mobile device directly to an application provider. When the user approves payment, the service accesses the credit balance stored on the device and transfers the approved amount directly to the application's designated account. It aims to streamline e-commerce and online payments without delays or costs due to intermediaries.
API methods support submission and retrieval of customer information, products available for purchase, promotional contacts to generate sales, invoicing, and payment for purchases. Methods also handle account management and messaging configuration.
 Users can enhance their apps using lukup APIs for cross platform messaging, search, news feeds, contacts, location, etc. lukout is a location based search and messaging widget for mobile phones. lukup provides APIs to enable applications 'written once, to run on multiple consumer devices (mobile phones, desktops, etc)' and enable them to connect to multiple social networks (facebook, twitter, google, yahoo). Documentation is provided for a RESTful API with responses in JSON. A JavaScript API is also available.
 The Stickybits API enables developers to write and read bits to any code (barcode, QR code, etc). Stickybits is a platform that enables anybody to build applications that connect the digital and physical worlds. Stickybits.com allows people to attach digital content to barcodes. When those barcodes are scanned (via our iPhone or Android apps), you’ll see all the content that has been attached. Users can also be notified when a barcode is scanned, has new attachments or even changes location.
Using the API, developers can upload digital content ("bits") to any barcode (or any sequence of characters), view all bits attached to any barcode (or any sequence of characters), generate unique barcodes to be used with our system, call almost the entire API, enabling them to interact with the stickybits system (viewing users, friending, scanning, etc...). The API uses RESTful architecture.
 Telephone is a VOIP system developed by babyTEL for social networks. The Telephone API allows 3rd party developers to access Telephone's features, and enable them in to their social site. The Telephone API allows developers to create users on the Telephone system, and allow for those users, to start the eggphone and use it to make calls.
 Geomena is an open geo database of WiFi access points meant to be used for geolocation. The database is as open as Wikipedia, editable and downloadable by anyone to use however they want. The API provides a way to be able to add data programmatically. It will enable applications that sniff WiFi and combine with location (either grabbed via GPS, address, or other methods).
 The TrackID web service API provides access to location-enabled music charts and is part of the Sony Ericsson OpenAPI program. This API will allow application developers to adapt and combine this service with their own mobile experiences.
 The SFR MMS service allows sending an MMS with an attachment from your application. The attachment sent via MMS API Service is encoded in multipart format. Sending MMS from your application to mobile is currently limited to mobile SFR. The site is in French and public documentation is not available.
 The SFR SMS API allows users to send and receive SMS. This service allows: sending SMS Text, sending SMS wap push including a url, sending SMS binary, sending SMS concatenated (over 180 characters) and the reception of SMS. The site is in French and public documentation is not available.
 Urban Airship's Push, now fully functional for the iPhone and BlackBerry platforms, lets you increase your engagement with customers, enhance your brand, and create a recurring revenue stream. Deliver sports scores, breaking news, or user-generated content like game challenges directly to users' pockets, in real time.
 ObexCode AS is an innovative software company focusing on hosted services for mobile synchronization and backup, personal content management, data mobilization and social media integration. The ObexCode Sync API is a REST-based API to our mobile sync server that allows users to configure, synchronize and integrate devices and applications. The API can be used for content handling and synchronization for mobile devices. Create custom mobile sync solutions for SyncML and ActiveSync mobile phones, and web services such as Google and Facebook. Responses are formatted in XML.
 The Veriplace Developer API provides access to real-time and historic user location. It is REST-based, exposing location and privacy operations as standard HTTP requests, and uses the OAuth and OpenID standards for authorization and authentication.
 The WURFL is an XML configuration file which contains information about capabilities and features of many mobile devices. WURFL Web Service provides a RESTful interface to the WURFL database. If a user is writing a web application for mobile phones and needs to know the capabilities of a specific device, they can use this service to query the exact capabilities of the device without having to build an implementation of WURFL. Responses are returned in JSON format.
 The Mobile Commons platform integrates SMS, phone calls, and Web applications with CRMs and databases, as well as Twitter, Facebook applications, flash widgets, and geo-location features.
Using mData, users can build interactive applications that processes and respond to incoming SMS messages. Users specify a URL and Mobile Commons will respond with an HTTP POST. If a response is specified in XML, it'll be formatted for mobile.
 The Mobile Commons platform integrates SMS, phone calls, and Web applications with CRMs and databases, as well as Twitter, Facebook applications, flash widgets, and geo-location features.
The Mobile Commons API is REST-based and lets developers interact with much of the functionality of the main site. The API can be used to send text messages, schedule broadcasts, and query for groups and profiles. Responses are formatted in XML.
 A RESTful API that allows developers to implement automated phone verification, reverse phone number verification, automated calling and click to call services. Users must purchase API credits to use the service.
 The Motime Open Access platform is an affiliate program based on the APIs of the Motime service, that allows partners/affiliates to advertise Motime content on their own web and/or mobile sites and earn money for each referral given to Motime.
The chart API uses a REST protocol to allow users to list ringtones categorized by a variety of charts by music genre.
 The Motime Open Access platform is an affiliate program based on the APIs of the Motime service, that allows partners/affiliates to advertise Motime content on their own web and/or mobile sites and earn money for each referral given to Motime.
The search API uses the REST protocol to allow developers to link their content with Motime's catalog of ringtones.
 TomTom WEBFLEET.connect is the API of the TomTom WEBFLEET SaaS fleet management system. The WEBFLEET.connect API provides real-time, 24/7 access to a fleets vehicle management, job dispatch, and reporting data.
The WEBFLEET.connect API is employed by a substantial installed base for backend-to-backend data integration into the fleet fleet owner's on-premise and cloud-systems, as well as specilaised web and mobile applications.
mobile-vikings didn't extract the description
 Xpenser offers mobile expense tracking and management. The Xpenser API allows users to enter expenses into Xpenser.
 The Qik Platform Application Programming Interface enables anyone to integrate or build web, desktop, phone applications to take advantage of Qik's mobile video sharing platform.
 Data8 is the UK's premier data solutions provider with a range of data cleansing, postcode lookup and data validation services to ultimately improve the way businesses communicate with their customers.
The Data8 Mobile Telephone Number Validation service is a fast and efficient method to validate which mobile (cell) numbers are still live. We can also tell you the network and country, and even the country the phone is currently in.
 This API is an XML interface to the Clickatell gateway. It is a simple way to integrate legacy systems with SMS. It provides interoperability amongst heterogeneous systems because it is language independent. It supports batch sending, delay delivery, delivery acknowledgements and sender ID. XML also provides support for extended length messages, converters for ringtones and logos, and allows for prioritised message queuing and gateway escalation. All the Clickatell API’s support text, Unicode, binary SMS and flash messaging, providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients, staff or user-database. Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries. Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization.
 The Clickatell FTP API allows you to upload a text file to the Clickatell FTP server to send bulk SMS. It provides once-off, high volume message dispatches for promotions and other messaging that is not time-sensitive, with a limit of 50,000 messages at a time. With the FTP API, you can send concatenated messages, use ringtone and logo converters, set up sender ID and more. You will also have access to gateway escalation and queuing, which lets you specify up to 3 prioritized queues according to which messages will be sent out. All the Clickatell API’s support text, Unicode, binary SMS and flash messaging, providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients, staff or user-database. Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries. Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization.
 The Clickatell SMTP API allows you to send an email to the Clickatell server, send bulk SMS, connect to the SMS Gateway and send email to SMS. SMTP provides connectivity from the legacy server, particularly server-generated e-mail. It is useful for notification alerts and provides support for extended length messages, converters, delivery acknowledgements and more. SMTP also provides access to gateway escalation and queuing. All the Clickatell API’s support text, Unicode, binary SMS and flash messaging, providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients, staff or user-database. Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries. Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization.
 The Clickatell FTP API is typically used by enterprises and large organizations for high volume sending. It provides a direct connection, initiated by you, to the Clickatell SMS Gateway. This enables you to send out a high volume of messages at high speed each month with real-time messaging via a 24/7 authenticated connection to Clickatell. With SMPP the client is continuously connected to the Clickatell gateway, allowing you to send large volumes of SMS messages in a short period of time. The standard protocol requires no programming if you have SMPP client software installed. Clickatell supports connections via SMPP using the global SMPP 3.4 standard, and is backward compatible. The SMPP connection supports extended length messages, provides converters to turn ringtones and logos into the correct format, allows delivery acknowledgement and more. All the Clickatell API’s support text, Unicode, binary SMS and flash messaging, providing a way to send SMS messages around the world to clients, staff or user-database. Clickatell covers over 819 networks in more than 220 countries. Connecting you to the wireless world through simple integration while offering customization and personalization.
 Location-API.com helps developers and mobile service providers to locate mobile phones and other mobile devices connected to the GSM and WCDMA networks.
Geographic coordinates for latitude and longitude are provided from a database that includes cell IDs from 200+ countries and 4M+ cells.
 The MCCMNC API returns coarse location based on Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code. World wide roaming capable mobile phones (cell phones) can display the mobile country code (MCC) and mobile network code (MNC) on the screen. This API decodes the combination of MCC and MNC, back to name of the country, operator name, capital of the city and capital city location (with latitude and longitude).
 Prowl is a Growl client for the iPhone OS. Notifications from Mac or Windows are sent to users' iPhone or iPod touch. The Prowl API allows users to integrate scripts with the app.
 The TextMagic API is a web based text messaging solution for businesses. TextMagic's Email to SMS service lets you can send and receive text messages via email. It works with any email account and can be used as an email based API. The SMS Gateway API is secure and can be integrated with TextMagic ready made SMS scripts.
 An SMS API for mobile marketing campaigns. Use this API as part of a cost-effective, flexible, private-label solution. Possible uses are campaigns, real-time alerts, interactive displays, site integration, or customer support, classifieds, and real estate. Send messages to certain phone numbers. If the message is over 160 characters, the message will be broken into parts automatically. You also can schedule messages and specify a time zone for them. Cancel scheduled messages as needed. Enter a message ID and learn its delivery status.
sprint didn't extract the description
 btexty allows you to send long messages and multimedia content via text message. btexty enables users to communicate easily with many friends at once with group messaging, and store your private messages securely. The btexty API exposes some btexty functionalities, such as messages and recipients.
 Xtify is a mobile application which brings the power of location to web applications. It acts as a bridge between smart phone users and web developers, allowing the two to talk "location". The Xtify API provides a simple interface for a web content provider to access a user's location.
 PlayPhone provides personalization and entertainment content to mobile consumers in the form of ringtones, and mobile games. The PlayPhone API, updated weekly, gives you access to mobile download databases. Using the API, you can display mobile content from PlayPhone's content catalog on your website with dynamic search and RSS feed capabilities.
PlayPhone is a leading global media company present in over 20 countries throughout North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America that provides cutting edge personalization and entertainment content to mobile consumers in the form of ringtones, mobile games and much more. Headquartered in San Jose, Calif., PlayPhone founded the direct-to-consumer mobile media distribution standard in 2003 and continues to innovate new means for interacting with mobile users and delivering wireless entertainment.
PlayPhone gives consumers access to a unique and often exclusive media catalog spanning audio, video and gaming content from leading music labels and artists, game publishers and media companies the likes of Sony BMG, EMI, Disney, SEGA, Konami and many others. The company currently operates its own leading mobile entertainment destination at PlayPhone.com in both English and Spanish as well as powers subscription-based mobile destinations for the world's top entertainment and retail brands including Wal-Mart, ABC Television, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Real Networks, iPlay and many more.
 Daopay enables global payments, charged to the phone bill. Supports payments from mobile and landline phones and by SMS and works in over 200 countries. Our API sends you HTTP Notifications; we call your web app when you've received a payment.
 The Spot2.be API and service tries to solve the location, addresses, maps and directions hassle by combining all important data it all in one simple tiny link. A spot is a mapped location accessed by a simple URL. Spots can be sent and opened via internet or mobile technology.
 Use the TxtImpact API to send and receive messages from application to mobile phone users worldwide. Use the API to send and receive SMS messages directly from your apps or site and to receive SMS directly to your server. No SMS/SMPP gateway is required to be installed on the client site. You could use this service for mobile marketing.
Bulk SMS is global
short code is to tier 1 and tier 2 providers in usa and canada
 Use the Feedbooks API to search the Feedbooks database of books, authors, and lists available for download to your mobile device. Feedbooks is a site used to download free e-books, and it is compatible with all mobile devices. You can also publish your own content or read content that you customize from RSS feeds. Use the API to access cover images in PNG format, as well as content matching your search query in PDF, Mobi, XHTML, and ePub format.
 Use the Socialight API to access Socialight data, which is used to discover great places near you on your mobile phone and then share places and experiences with friends. For example, you can create an iPhone app that shows the coffee shops in your neighborhood that have cute baristas. An open-access how-to is available: http://socialight.com/help/apihowto
 88 Miles lets you rrack time by punching in and punching out to auto-generate timesheet data, optionally generate invoices, tag and categorize staff, track projects, receive overbudget notifications, and more. Mobile functionality available. Programmatically access your account's data.
 Ez Texting's flexible APIs allow you to rapidly integrate text messaging into your own web, desktop or mobile app. We offer a REST API as well as a legacy HTTP API. The REST API can return results in XML or JSON.
We provide the most competitively priced messaging in the industry through our short codes in the United States and
Canada (313131 in the US and 393939 in Canada). Our APIs are designed to be both easy and powerful; even developers with minimal experience will have no problem integrating text messaging into their projects using Ez Texting.
If you simply want to send and receive text messages, our sending and receiving APIs are a perfect solution. If you're looking for deeper integration and other features, we offer a number of other APIs:
* Our Voice Broadcast API allows you to send voice broadcast messages to single numbers as well as arrays of numbers.
* Our Carrier Lookup API is a unique service that returns the most up to date wireless carrier attached to a particular phone number.
 From their site: Zaypay makes international micropayments through SMS, phone calls and other alternative pay methods a piece of cake. With its free service a micropayment can be integrated into your website for just minutes of your time. Using our API enables your application to talk with Zaypay directly, and allows Zaypay to talk back to your application.
 From their site: The Zannel Open API allows programmatic access to Zannel's platform. Developers can build applications, widgets, web and mobile apps that act on behalf of the user or interact with the Zannel platform in new and interesting ways. Zannel is a site to show your life as it happens. You can post text, picture, and video updates, share updates with friends, view updates on mobile or web, and embed updates on your blog, website, social network etc.
 From their site: The Twitxr API has been created to let users and partners develop applications which can interact with Twitxr. The API returns Twitxr data in a form that can be easily integrated into any application or web site. With twitxr you can share a moment, a picture, a thought, instantly with your mobile phone. Take a picture, type a short text, and then post it. Automatically post to your Twitter, Flickr and Facebook profile.
 The Cellblock Application Programming Interface (API) allows developers to integrate instant multimedia (photo and video) sharing into web, desktop and mobile applications.
 Hundreds of developers and website owners are making money through Thumbplay's OPEN network. Thumbplay is the fastest-growing and largest mobile entertainment company in the US, offering ringtones, videos, games and graphics to over 200 mobile phone users across all major carriers. We offer free and open access to our entire catalog of mobile content via REST APIs, XML feeds and dynamic landing pages.
 From their site: Upside Wireless Inc. is a leading North American company that specializes in providing global mobile messaging services and applications for consumer and enterprise markets. Upside's flexible two-way SMS platform enables enterprise customers to efficiently connect existing corporate applications to the global text messaging network. For your convenience, we offer three connectivity options: SOAP, HTTP and SMTP.
 From their site: aql.com is the award winning SMS solutions portal (formerly known as sms2email). We are dedicated to getting your SMS marketing campaign or interactive service working with us. Our services include bulk messaging through a number of routes offering high reliability along with different pricing options. Every aql account includes the free textback service, an easy way to enable your target audience to reply to you. The service is available globally with pricing for global use and for use within the uk.
 Research, compare prices, and shop from a wide array of phone products and services.
 Send Text messages (SMS), WAP Push links, Application Trigger (JavaPush) messages using a either XML, JSON or Plain text over HTTP GET.
 PayPal offers online payment solutions and has more than 153 million customers worldwide. The PayPal API makes powerful functionality available to developers by exposing various features of the PayPal platform. Functionality includes but is not limited to invoice management, transaction processing and account management.
 The Thomson Reuters Open Calais API (Intelligent Tagging API) provides developers a way to take unstructured text (e.g. News document, Research reports, etc) and extract the aboutness into a machine-readable XML/RDF format. Metadata is disambiguated and resolved/linked to the Thomson Reuters professional financial data ecosystem.
 CrunchBase is a product of TechCrunch and is a directory of technology companies, people, and investment profiles especially for internet and startup companies. The read-only API allows for retrieving all information that is available from the database, with some search criteria, and it uses JSON for the output formats. Access to the full API requires an enterprise or applications license .
 The Stripe API allows developers to access the functionality of Stripe. Some example API methods include sending invoices, accepting payments, managing subscription billing, and editing and managing account information.
Stripe is a service that allows users to accept payments online, specifically developers. With the Stripe application, users can keep track of payments, search past payments, create recurring charges, and keep track of customers.
 Finansportalen is a site provided by the Norwegian Consumer Protection Agency to provide consumers the ability to make good choices in the market for financial services. The portal is a tool that helps consumers to compare financial industry products The Finansportalen API exposes data feeds on financial products for the Norwegian market. An account is required to view the URLs for data feeds.
 This service is being replaced by the GraphQL version. It will be sunseted Dec 2019. The Kiva API gives you access to the world's first person-to-person micro-lending website, which empowers individuals to lend directly to unique entrepreneurs in the developing world. Kiva is a nonprofit organization.
 CoinDesk is an information center on Bitcoins, a decentralized digital currency used around the world. One service that CoinDesk provides is the Bitcoin Price Index (BPI). This Bitcoin pricing data is calculated every minute and is published in USD, EUR, and GBP. BPI data is made available programmatically via REST API. People can use the API however they like as long as they credit CoinDesk as the data source.
 Authorize.Net provides IP based payment gateway services. The Authorize.Net API enables developers to integrate digital payments into applications. It is optimized for mobile, provides PCI compliance, has iOS and Android SDKs, and stores customer payment information with digital wallet technology. It integrates with Visa Checkout, bank accounts and PayPal, and features methods for fraud management, transaction reporting and recurring billing.
 BitStamp is an online exchange for bitcoins. Online consumers and traders can use it as a global marketplace to buy and sell BitCoins. Users make cash deposits to buy bitcoins from other users. They may then use those to make purchases or trade them back for cash eventually. BitStamp also provides a fee schedule and market information about bitcoins. Their RESTful API exposes transactional functions and access to bitcoin market ticker information. It returns JSON-encoded data.
 The FreshBooks API is an interface for accessing FreshBooks data using JSON. The API can be used to create web and desktop applications that integrate with an account. API methods are available to manage clients, invoices, expenses, estimates, reports, accounting and more. FreshBooks is an all-in-one small business invoicing and accounting solution.
 Mt Gox allows users to trade US Dollars for Bitcoins and vice versa. The Mt Gox API allows users to fetch public data and place orders. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Coinkite is a bitcoin service that provides an exchange and bank for bitcoin and other crypto-currency use. Coinkite also both online banking and a debit card with which to transact in bitcoins offline. The Coinkite API allows users to utilize the exchange to deposit funds into Coinkite accounts. The Coinkite API uses REST calls, and an account is required with service.
 MYOB AccountRight Live is an accounting application for businesses in Australia. MYOB AccountRight Live offers a variety of accounting and bookkeeping features.
The MYOB AccountRight Live API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of MYOB AccountRight Live with other applications. Some example API methods include managing accounting files, retrieving information on accounts, and managing transactions.
 Coinbase is an electronic service and "wallet" for bitcoins and digital currency. Users can transfer currency, pay merchants, and make other payments instantly.
The Coinbase API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Coinbase with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving account information and balances, sending money, requesting money, and managing user information.
 Payments Gateway is a service from ACH Direct, Inc., one of the largest and fastest growing privately held payment processing companies in the United States.
The API provides a platform for customizable integration options to meet the payment processing needs of a variety of merchants. Often the API is used to build white label integrations.
 Billomat is a web based billing service. It allows users to create offers and invoices and manage customers. The billomat API uses a RESTful interface that allows access to the data in a user's Billomat account. Developers can integrate online orders and desktop applications with their Billomat account. Responses are in XML or JSON format. The site and documentation is in German.
 Xero is an online accounting system designed for small businesses and their advisors. It gives users access to bank transactions, invoices and reports through the internet or mobile devices. The Xero API uses a RESTful approach and responds to requests in an XML or JSON format.
 Blinksale is a web application that allows professionals and small businesses to send invoices on the Web. Users can create invoices from a template or choose to customize the design. The API allows developers to integrate Blinksale to work with other applications in thier business workflow. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 From their site: The Microsoft adCenter application programming interface (API) enables you to create applications that: Create and manage adCenter campaigns, orders, keywords, and ads. Obtain the status on orders, keywords and ads. Pause and resume orders. Generate keyword estimates. Generate reports about campaign performance. Perform order targeting.
 VirCurEx is an online exchange for users to buy, sell, and trade bitcoins and other crypto-currencies. The VirCurEx allows users to make calls for bid and currency info, check trades, make trades, review account information, and numerous other calls. An account is required with service. Users attempting to utilize the API without the intention of executing trades will be blocked. The API uses REST calls and will return XML or JSON. An account is required with service.
bank-of-russia-daily-info didn't extract the description
 The Foxrate Currency Exchange API lets you submit a currency amount and returns the equivalent amount in the currency of your choice.
 The quantra API provides programmatic access to quantitative finance tools. This API was created with QuantLib, an open-source software library that provides tools for financial instrument valuation and related subjects. It's still in beta and not yet ready for production use. Examples are provided using Google sheets.
 The Cashplus REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cashplus with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving accounts and retrieving transactions. Cashplus is a banking solution provider in the UK.
 The SDK.finance API offers integration with several financial products that help build eCommerce and merchant platforms. Integrated services include payment systems, payment processing, E-wallets, virtual money, gift cards, prepaid cards, money exchange, and P2P money transfers. SDK.finance offers flexible price terms tailored to the client's needs. The API offers anti-fraud measures at no additional cost. SDK.finance is headquartered in Czech Republic.
 The Money Push API provides data useful to create stocks trading applications and algorithms. Authentication is possible via Key. Simple methods include to create market orders, open market positions, and modify stop losses. Advanced methods cover to add a price in the market, open orders in the market, and close a position to access the final profit or loss of the trade.
 The Bondora API allows developers to programmatically access the Bondora investment platform for European personal loans. These loans are funded directly by investors rather than through banks. All borrowers are risk-assessed and assigned into credit groups whose interest rates reflect their relative risk. Bondora loans are fixed-income investments that provide monthly returns in the form of principal and interest payments.
 The Canadian Bitcoin Index API is a resource for Canadian Bitcoin price information. The main index endpoint returns a value for the price of a Bitcoin denominated in Canadian dollars. It is calculated as an average from actual trade data from all Canadian owned exchanges.
Canadian Bitcoin Index's API allows access to index data, exchange information, historical data and news. API access is available without authentication where indicated.
 Integrate SEC filing data within apps using the Last 10K API. The Last 10K developer portal facilitates the rapid creation of applications that inter-operate with Last10K’s RESTful service, providing access to SEC filing data and support services to help developers.
 Bitfinex is a bitcoin trading platform that provides users with bitcoin wallets and storage, margin trading, and liquidity provisions. The Bitfinex API allows users to access the full functionality of the Bitfinex platform including the orderbook, the personal account data, and other attributes. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account is required with service, and both SSL and an API key are used for security.
 CryptoCoin Charts provides charts on the long-time prices of altcoins (i.e. cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin) along with an order book. There are a lot of altcoins available, and CryptoCoin Charts is intended to help users identify ones worth investing in. CryptoCoin Charts currently stores over 50 million trades for 263 currency pairs, collected from 27 different exchanges. Developers can access some of this information via REST calls.
 OECD (Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development) is an organization that seeks to help governments fight poverty and improve the prosperity of their people through economic growth and stability. To this end, the OECD collects and analyzes statistical data on agriculture, development aid, infant mortality rates, crime, debt, disposable income, education, gender equality, and much more. The Open Data API exposes the OECD's statistics and metadata using the Open Data Protocol (OData) or SDMX-JSON.
 API Rates allows users to retrieve information on Forex (foreign exchange market), stocks, and commodities from a cloud-based, shared, or dedicated instance of the service. All instances parse, store, and provide access to real-time prices via JSON API. Data provided by the service is valid data from the markets, but it is not licensed and is intended primarily for testing purposes. Customization of the service is available upon request.
 The Ghana Stock Exchange API allows users to query real-time trading statistics, get in-depth market data and analysis, and authentic company information. It also allows users to quickly and easily integrate the stock exchange's market data into third-party applications using REST-style calls. The API returns JSON, JSONP, and XML. The service is free to use.
 PaymentSpring is online merchant account and payment gateway that allows companies and users to quickly send and accept payments. The site offers flat rates, no contracts, lower PCI compliance issues, and no credit card storage. The PaymentSpring API uses REST calls and uses and API key for authentication. The API allows users to make calls to manipulate customer data, plan data logging event data, charge data, and subscription data.
 BitcoinAverage is a cryptocurrency data service provider with the longest running Bitcoin price index since 2013.
We integrate data from over 60 exchanges and 500+ Cryptocurrencies and tokens and provide it via one single API.
Our services include:
1. Global cryptocurrency indices via Http and Websocket realtime feeds. - Our global index considers all the trading pairs for a cryptocurrency and calculates global price from all of them. For example for Bitcoin it considers the trading price for Bitcoin to US Dollar, Bitcoin to Euro, Bitcoin to British Pound etc.. and calculates a global Bitcoin index. We provide global index for the major cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Ripple (XRP), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Litecoin (LTC) in all of the worlds fiat currencies like the US Dollar, Euro, British Sterling, Brazilian Real, Czech Crown, Russian Rubble and all others.
2. Local cryptocurrency and tokens indices via Http and Websocket realtime feeds. - Our local index considers only the trading pairs for single symbol, ex. Bitcoin to Euro, from all exchanges that support trading it. We provide local index for hundreds of cryptocurrencies.
3. Historical datasets with OHLC data for minute, hour and day ticks
4. Orderbook data from the major exchanges like Coinbase, Bitstamp and Bitfinex.
5. Price data for hundreds of ERC20 tokens.
6. Custom index generation - You want to use only your top 3 most trusted exchanges to generate an objective index? - We got you covered.
7. Custom API endpoint - We develop custom endpoints for customers that want our data to fit into their application seamlessly.
 The Thinknum financial analysis engine is an open platform meant to bring the functionality of a proprietary trading desk to the web. The Thinknum API allows users to conduct time-series analysis, run regressions, and correlations, as well as to save and share charts. Responses are JSON formatted.
 mcxNOW is a digital currency exchange platform where users can buy and trade multiple currencies. The site handles Bitcoin, among other currencies, and offers low trading fees, a C++ trading engine, anonymous trading, and 3 tier network security. The mcxNOW API allows users to check the site order book for the last traded price, and the trading volume. The service uses REST calls and returns XML.
 Kraken is a professional Bitcoin trading platform that aims to bring Bitcoin, and other crypto-currencies, into the main stream. The site offers robust trading capabilities, secure holdings, and a high level of regulatory compliance. The Kraken API uses REST calls and returns JSON. The API offers public market data, private user data and information about the user's accounts, and the ability to place and manipulate trade orders. An account is required with service.
 Coins-E is a crypto-currency exchange that allows users to purchase, store, and trade in an assortment of crypto-currencies. Coins-E is a The Coins-E trade API allows users to place and buy, sell, and many other orders in over 30 different crypto-coins. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account is required with service.
 Cryptsy is an online crypto-currency trading service that allows users to trade Bitcoins for a variety of alternative currencies and fiat currencies. The Cryptsy API has both public and authenticated methods. The public methods do not require an API key and allow users to query for general market data and general orderbook data. Authenticated methods permit users to query for advanced information such as market data, user transactions, market trades, market orders, user trades and user orders, as well as the creation and execution of trades. The service sues REST calls, returns JSON, and uses both SSL and an API key for authentication.
 The Rapaport Group provides knowledge-based information services supporting the development of free, fair, efficient, competitive, and profitable diamond and jewelry markets. Their primary websites are Diamonds.net, RapNet.com, and Rapaport Auctions.
The Rapaport Diamond Manager API allows users to automate the process of uploading diamond information to RapNet, the diamond trading network. The API is available as a SOAP web service and as HTTP POST calls.
 Bitcurex is a Bitcoin trading system that allows users to purchase, hold, trade, and sell Bitcoins within the Bitcurex community. The Bitcurex API allows the user to manipulate his or her trading account using trading bots. The API allows calls to get funds, get orders, buy or sell Bitcoins, cancel orders, get transaction history, and withdraw funds. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 CampBX is a platform where you can buy and sell Bitcoins in real-time from other CampBX users. Your buy or sell orders are matched against a parametrized database of other orders. If a perfect match is found, a Bitcoin-to-USD trade is executed instantly. If there are no matching orders at the price you specified, then your order can remain open for up to 31 days. To maintain fairness in trading, we have taken a purely-platform approach and CampBX is never a counter-party to any trade. Our platform was designed with stability and security as top priorities, and we became the first Bitcoin website to obtain Payment Card Industry (PCI) certification and the McAfee Secure seal of confidence on June 28th, 2011. When you open an account on CampBX, all of the following features are available to you to ensure that you have a productive experience on our platform: ­ ­ • Daily security scans and certification by McAfee Secure • Quick Buy/Sell and Spend-X trades available for new traders • Advanced trading options with AON/FOK/Incremental Fills • Market Price and Limit Price Orders • STOPLOSS and Short-Selling available soon • Stoploss / Custom Order Expiry Date/Time • Trading API available • Wallet API available • SMS (Text Message) Notifications • Two-Factor Authentication • Professional third-party security audits • Frequent & encrypted back-ups • A comprehensive disaster recovery plan • Based in Atlanta, USA
s&p-capital-iq didn't extract the description
 The Magyar Nemzeti Bank (MNB) is the central bank of Hungary. In this role, its primary objective is to achieve and maintain price stability. The MNB website is available to visitors in both Hungarian and English.
The MNB provides the Arfolyam (trans. Exchange Rate) API, which can be used to retrieve current and historic currency exchange rates. This service uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
central-bank-of-armenia-exchange-rates didn't extract the description
 PerfectMoney offers a secure money transfer service from p2p and from b2b. The PerfectMoney API allows users to interact with the PerfectMoney service programmatically using the REST protocol. The API allows users to check account history, balance, exchange rates, and e-voucher listings of the user's account. It also enables active uses such as spending calls and e-Voucher creation.
 CashEdge, a division of Fiserv, is a provider of payments and aggregation solutions to financial institutions. These include Popmoney person-to-person (P2P) payments, account transfers, account opening and funding, small business invoicing and payments, and financial account aggregation.
TransferNow is an online funds transfer solution that gives users the ability to securely transfer funds between accounts they own that are held at more than 23,000 banks, credit unions and brokerages via the ACH network. The TransferNow XML API allows developers to integrate the product modules with their financial institution's existing processes. Public documentation is not available.
 Marketo is a provider specializing in revenue performance management. Marketo offers revenue-focused, B2B marketing automation software. Marketo offers an API that lets developers integrate Marketo with multiple third-party applications and enterprise data repositories. The API provides support for integration with both back-end and front-end allowing organizations to integrate any application, service or non-standard CRM system with their Marketo solution. Documentation is not publicly available.
 The LevelUp API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of LevelUp with other applications, such as point-of-sale systems and to create new applications. Some example API methods include accepting online payments, accepting mobile payments, and retrieving reporting information.
LevelUp is an online and mobile payment service. Users can set up their own QR code that allows them to pay various merchants via scanning the QR code. LevelUp also offers users savings when paying with the LevelUp application. Merchants can integrate the LevelUp system with their point-of-sale systems to accept LevelUp payments for goods and services.
 Block Explorer is a service that provides information on bitcoins and block chain data. Block Explorer also allows users to manage their online bitcoin currency with online wallets.
The Block Explorer API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data from Block Explorer with other applications. Some example API methods include accessing chart and block information, listing charts and blocks, and manage bitcoin transactions.
 C24 creates software for standards-based messaging and provides integration solutions aimed at the wholesale financial services markets. The C24 API lets users validate a SWIFT message. The API asks users to specify the appropriate SWIFT Standard to use and the message to validate, then returns the validation result, and the eventual parsing or validation errors. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in JSON. A free trial period of 5 days is offered to developers.
nasdaq-data-on-demand didn't extract the description
 The ActBlue API provides programmatic access to much of ActBlue's data. ActBlue helps individuals and organizations raise money for Democratic candidates and committees across the country. The ActBlue API covers three broad areas: entity information and fundraising page management, access to public fundraising totals broken out in various ways, and access to detailed contribution records. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The Dwolla API provides an interface to integrate the Dwolla payments platform into a software application. Dwolla provides white labeled bank transfer payment services that includes is a simple yet powerful API for ACH transfers.
The API provides developers with the functionality to transfer money to users, send mass payments, transfer money between users, facilitate bank verification and authorization, and retrieve transfer history. The RESTful API implements HATEOS and HAL, and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Exchange Rate API provides accurate exchange rates served from the European Central Reserve Bank as they are released. It only involves getting the contents returned by a URL. This API is free to use for both personal and commercial use.
 The Zoho CRM API lets you fetch CRM data from your Zoho CRM account. Get your records, add or remove records, search and update your records. Zoho CRM has numerous modules: leads, accounts, contacts, potentials, campaigns, tasks, events, cases, solutions, products, price books, quotes, vendors, purchase orders, sales orders, and invoices.
 Use any of the five APIs to access ACTIV's technology: ActivFeed API, ActivContentServer API, ActivServerContribution API, ActivClientContribution API, or ActivMiddleware API. Use the ActivFeed API to get a variety of market data, including current prices, time-series, fundamental data, and news. Use the ActivContentServer API to get multicast streams, and it can accommodate high-bandwidth needs. Contact to obtain documentation.
 The World Bank Indicators API provides access to almost 16,000 time series indicators, most of which are available online through tools such as Databank and the Open Data website. The API gives developers unified access to over 45 databases including World Development Indicators, International Debt Statistics, Doing Business, Human Capital Index, and Subnational Poverty. Many of the available data series go back more than 50 years.
 From their site: Prosper, America's first people-to-people lending marketplace, was created to make consumer lending more financially and socially rewarding for everyone. The way Prosper works is intuitive to people who have used eBay. Instead of listing and bidding on items, people list and bid on loans using Prosper's online auction platform.
 Tradologics is a cloud platform for programmatic financial trading. The Tradologics API offers methods to integrate with the platform and manage accounts, orders, assets, market data, operations, strategies, brokers, tools, tradehooks and more. The API features functions for multi-broker trading, multi-language support, private data storage, built-in version control and more.
 SimFin leverages machine learning to make financial data available to investors and other interested parties. The SimFin API enables users to integrate the data with methods for general company information, share price data, fundamentals, shares outstanding a POST method to search the database. SimFin is short for Simplifying Finance.
 Amberdata.io provides real-time, raw & augmented blockchain data. The Amerdata API enables developers to retrieve data about cryptocurrency markets and data, including tools to manage futures market data, spot market data, market metrics, blockchains, plus blockchain addresses, blocks, contacts, transactions and more.
 The Fireblocks REST API enables developers to interact with accounts and transactions on the Fireblocks DeFi platform. Methods are available to manage wallets, assets, smart transfers, accounts, co-signing for approvals and more. Fireblocks is a DeFi platform for institutional trading, lending, and staking.
 Whether you own an independent comparison site or you are a broker for real estate - you might want to open cash accounts for yourself or on your customers' behalf via a directly connected interface from within your proprietary systems. With this endpoint you can open up user accounts in a short process of a few minutes. The user only has to provide the needed application information and legitimate him/herself via video legitimation or POSTIDENT.
 Portfolio Optimizer API allows to optimize the composition of investment portfolios, using advanced mathematics and computer algorithms (e.g., modern portfolio theory).
 An API for connecting any cryptocurrency account - both exchanges and wallets. Allows apps to easily collect balances and transaction histories from any crypto account.
 The Twelve Data is a single financial data provider, that has both API and WebSockets. Institution-grade data covering global stocks, ETFs, indices, forex, and crypto.
 Credit as a Service (CaaS) API.
API to do loan requests, to approve loan requests and to calculate interests for loans
 Eurex Reference data API offers data about finance Products, Contracts, TES configuration, Trading hours and Expirations via GraphQL. Eurex provides stock market trading exchange and market data services. Interested developers can contact provider for full API documentation access.
 Mboum API provides free real-time stock and options market data. Our market data includes financial statements, news, insider trading and more.
 Transparent, secure, fast and easy-to-use GraphQL and REST API for foreign exchange rates and currency conversion.
 Sensibill Receipt Data Extraction API uses machine learning and Optical Character Recognition (OCR) to extract pertinent data from receipts and other documents. The API enables users to extract over 150 data points, including merchant, total, items, taxes, and more from a given receipt. Sensibill Capture is a mobile receipt capture application + API. Contact the provider for API access and documentation.
 Through its developer portal, PayByFace enables third party application developers to integrate their customers biometric face templates with a tokenized card on file. Such customers will be able to pay for their in-store shopping at any PayByFace merchant by simply have their faces scanned by a camera enabled tablet installed at point of sale. The payment is then processed via an e-commerce payment gateway without the need for the endusers to touch anything. PayByFace provides a unified interface that exposes several functions of the PayByFace system capabilities for 3rd party developers to use in their own mobile apps.
 The MX Platform provides access to connect customers to MX financial accounts and incorporate an additional data engine with AI-driven predictive recommendations for customers financial data. MX is a SaaS company that builds data-driven products for banks, credit unions and fintech innovators and creates solutions to help customers understand and manage finances.
 The MX API is designed to aggregate and enhance financial data with the ability to interact and connect to your applications or website to tens of thousands of financial institutions. This MX API is built around a standard REST architecture and uses predictable, resource-oriented URLs, that returns JSON formatted data. Requests are made with HTTP methods and supports bearer tokens for authentication. The MX Platform provides access to connect customers to MX financial accounts and incorporate an additional data engine with AI-driven predictive recommendations for customers financial data. MX is a SaaS company that builds data-driven products for banks, credit unions and fintech innovators and creates solutions to help customers understand and manage finances.
 Query for business news and live market data as same as on CNBC
 The TrafficLight API allows you to check the financial health and default payment risk of other companies. It provides access to an extensive database of information about companies in France, Europe, and globally. It enables you with the ability to search for companies by name or unique identifier, request information about its safety and more. TrafficLight empowers B2B companies to trade with customers and partners, by providing an understanding of their financial health.
 This is an API to access the KickEX exchange that includes services for; Pairs, All Tickers, Orderbook, Candles and others. It allows you to; get statistics on a currency pair, gain access to data regarding a specified currency, get current exchange orders, cancel a group of open orders and more. Client authentication requires an API key to authorize access to this service, with examples for Ruby, Python and JavaScript. The KickEX exchange provides trading solutions to trade smart orders with zero downtime, cashback on trades and more.
 Complete payment validation solution, based on highly-reliable official data sources.
 API to find news articles by any topic, country, language, website, or keyword.
 This SEC EDGAR TODASApps API provides a way to; Retrieve Filing, Company, Issuer and more. It allows you to retrieve millions of Filings from the SEC EDGAR System.
 Do your sanctions and PEP screening using our API
 SPENDiD is a clean, easily connected RESTful API enabling developers to offer their end-users painless automated budget creation and refinement experiences.
SPENDiD offers three simple end-points:
1-Generate a spending behavioral model based on user demographics
2-Generate a budget
3-Score a budget
SPENDiD allows the end-user to “hack” the usually painful and dreaded task of budget building, which more often than not leads to abandonment. Some so-called "leaders” in the Personal Financial Management industry offer the user a budget based on nothing more than their prior 3-month average actual spend. There is a far better and simpler way to learn from validated crowd-wisdom, applied with smart technology. With a 2-3 minute simple on-boarding process consisting of a few demographic and core expense questions, SPENDiD enables a client’s platform to instantly deliver a fully categorized budget and cash flow assessment score to the end-user. From there, the “what-if” scenario usage of a SPENDiD powered platform is addictively simple and remarkably accurate and eye-opening. Also, the user can continue to manage budgets in expense categories offered as default settings by our client, or these categories can be fully customized by the user to their preferred level of detail.
 This API is a beta release that enables programmatic access to Up Money balances and transaction data. The Up API is a banking service that allows you to track balances and transactions, retrieve a specific account by identifier, retrieve a list of transactions for an account and more. Requests to the Up Banking API require authentication via access token. This service also makes a basic ping request to the API to verify that authentication is correct. Up provides banking services to organize finances.
 The marketstack data service provides access to API endpoints that include; End-of-Day Data, Intraday Data, Historical Data, Tickers, Exchanges, Currencies and Timezones. This is a JSON-based REST API for global, real-time, intraday and historical stock market data, that is built on the apilayer cloud infrastructure. Examples are available for PHP, Python, NodeJS, jQuery, Go and Ruby. It has solutions for real-time, intraday and historical stock data, that supports 125,000+ stock tickers and global stock exchanges including; NASDAQ, Australian Stock Exchange, London Stock Exchange and more.
 The Barchart Alert Service implements a REST interface via HTTP to interact with Barchart that is based on an OpenAPI specification to define and manage alert conditions and notifications. Barchart provides quotes, charts and market data for the commodity, stock, Forex and ETF markets.
 The GreenDot API retrieves banking data including accounts, card validation, transfers, funding, and and wallet. Authenticate with an API Key and make calls in JSON format.
e*trade-equity-edge didn't extract the description
 Wanchain enables developers to connect decentralized fintech applications. The Wanchain API offers access to blockchain data including balances, blocks, signatures, and contracts. Wanchain can be used to build cross-chain decentralized exchanges, cross-chain mobile payments, and blockchain-connected enterprises. Wanchain connects isolated public and private blockchains to allow flow of the world’s digital assets and data.
 The FactSet PA Engine API allows you to request analytics for multi-asset class performance, attribution, and risk and includes; portfolio, benchmark, return period, and more. This API utilizes Basic HTTP Authentication and requires a username and API key password to authorize. FactSet helps financial professionals with market trends to access company and industry intelligence to execute trades, monitor portfolio risk and monitor performance.
 The Bud API enables you with the ability to manage financial tools that gain programmatic access to services for; Open Banking Aggregation, Enrichment, Insights, Affordability, Recognition and more. It allows you to build features, applications and experiences with endpoints that follow RESTful principles that use http verbs such as; GET, POST, PUT, PATCH, and DELETE. The Bud financial API returns JSON responses and provides a way to create a new Customer, List the available account providers, Authenticates and connects to a customer account and others. Access to the Bud Developer Console requires that you create API credentials in order to obtain an OAuth2 access token. Bud is a financial platform that is used by banks to access open banking services globally.
 The Tiingo API returns stocks, crypto, and IEX financial data in JSON and CSV formats. Features include forex, news, and end-of-day stock market information. Developers can authenticate with an API token.
 Currency Conversion API
 We ingest SEC disclosures in realtime and analyse the way language is used, and changes over time to uncover important facets of information that may be difficult to uncover using traditional screener, or fundamental data.
rapyd-point-of-sale-webhooks didn't extract the description
 The Rapyd Wallet API provides services to; create a Rapyd Wallet, change or modify a Rapyd Wallet, retrieve the details of a Rapyd Wallet and more. Rapyd Payments provides a way to manage transactions in the Rapyd Payments service. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 The OpenPayd Webhooks API are HTTP callbacks that receive notification messages for OpenPayd events. This includes the following types; Currency, Account Created, Currency Account Status Update, Client Created and more. The OpenPayd API allows you to develop custom solutions that manage your organization’s payments. It is an integration with the functionality for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout. OpenPayd provides a way to scale payment flows, simplify treasury, process payments in real-time and reduce costs, with solutions that are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts, payments, FX and card processing solutions.
 The DigiFi API retrieves automated loan data, servicing the consumer, mortgage, small business, and commercial lending industries.
Developers can use an API Key to authenticate. JSON formats are supported.
rapyd-point-of-sale didn't extract the description
 The Rapyd Webhooks API provides a way to receive a callback that is triggered by an event in the Rapyd Payments platform. This Rapyd API is a notifications service that allows you to access relevant information about an event such as; fraud detection and prevention, finalizing a transaction, an audit trail and more. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 The Rapyd Payments API provides a way to manage transactions to; Collect payments, Disburse funds, Manage Rapyd Wallets and others. Rapyd builds services that offer local payment methods and create a way for fintech applications to integrate functionality and scale globally.
 Regulatory market participants like the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and public market exchanges like the Nasdaq and NYSE house information that’s necessary for investors. However, writing code to integrate with and synchronize data with these entities is far from straightforward.
On one hand, the SEC website contains a flood of information about companies. On the other hand, their data are often not up to date, or can only be accessed through convoluted and unreliable technical backchannels.
Similarly, Nasdaq and NYSE listings must be tracked, but changes to those listings aren’t available so easily.
Keeping all these data in sync is a necessity for any trader, and being able to do so in an organized and timely manner will help produce alpha over competitors who can’t do it as well.
With this API, developers can query for issuers and their respective securities. They can also query for status changes at the Nasdaq and NYSE. Moreover, they can query for SEC filings.
 The Checkbook.io API sends and receives funds without checks. Checkbook.io provides an API Key and an API Secret with demo, sandbox, and production environments to authenticate and make calls to the API.
Postman collection available.
Checkbook.io aims to eliminate paper checks.
 PostFinance's E-Payment API enables developers to programmatically access financial related resources in their applications. The API returns hosted checkout data, payment information, refund processing information, and products. The API features REST architecture and Token-based authentication. PostFinance is a fintech company based in Switzerland.
 GoldAPI.io is a Free Gold Prices API and Silver Prices RESTful JSON API. Live Feed and Daily Historical Precious Metals Spot Prices & Rates from COMEX & LBMA.
 The Copper REST API provides access to account management and trading services that integrate into applications. The Copper platform integrates custody architecture for trading that gives institutional investors the ability to offer digital assets. It is a digital asset ecosystem focused on institutional custody and acquisition with a next-gen digital asset infrastructure for the financial services industry.
 The Benzinga API provides financial reports retrieved from the news. API Key/token required to authenticate. JSON format is preferred, not XML.
Benzinga concentrates on market data. It offers a suite of channels focused on breaking news so that a company can be the first to purchase a trade. Benzinga offers news updates in two ways, either from the pull-based Rest API or a push-based TCP. Both provide unprecedented market access.
Call Benziga for Swagger docs and data APIs at 877-440-9464 or send an email to licensing@benzinga.com
 BlueBlood Bitcoin trading signals API features profitable quantitative trading strategies, their signals and live daily stats.
 Say goodbye to bad data.
TenQuant.io was started by a small-cap investor frustrated with inconsistent and missing data from Bloomberg Terminals and other data providers.
One clean, simple API:
How are your best opportunities found? Find more with a fast, straightforward Web API. Access hundreds of data points on a company in seconds.
Drive more insights:
Get cleaned and standardized fundamental data from a company's entire history of financial statements. Backtest, compare, and invest.
 Validate whether an account number is a valid IBAN
 The OpenPayd API lets you develop custom solutions to manage your organization’s payments. It offers an integration with the functionality needed for a modern finance department to manage the entire cash flow from collection to payout. OpenPayd provides a way to expand into international markets by connecting to the OpenPayd banking and payments infrastructure to scale payment flows, simplify treasury, process payments in real-time and reduce costs. OpenPayd solutions are used directly or integrated as a white-label proposition to combine multi-currency accounts, payments, FX and card processing solutions.
 We are a credit marketplace. With our API you can, with a single registration of your client, bring to him more than 50 possible credit solutions.
 Service Objects DOTS Address Geocode International provides latitude, longitude and metadata for international addresses and places. The API follows conventions for each country’s postal system for parsing and storing addresses and returns 16 levels of precision based on available data. Additionally, the API returns the locality, admin area, postcode, country and country ISO2 and ISO3. The Address Geocode International API returns JSON or XML formatted responses.
 The Compound Finance API retrieves algorithmic money markets on the Ethereum blockchain. Guides show developers how to set up an Ethereum development environment, supply assets to the compound protocol, borrow assets from the compound protocol, and create a Compound API with Infura.
 The Ocrolus API retrieves fintech -financial technology- to automate data workflows.
With the API, developers can integrate book commands, book queries, file uploads, file commands, file queries, and result downloads.
 Blockchain.com Exchange API enables users to receive market data, request balance information and interact with the trading system in real time.
 Insert (Create) a Forex Outright Forward trade executed and cleared on Trade Platform into the core system acting as the trade repository
 Insert (Create) a Forex Swap trade executed and cleared on Trade Platform into the core system acting as the trade repository
 Get detailed transaction information for a selected account or group of accounts
 Manage tasks from events occurring in the back office system with the task service acting as the task repository
 Provides the corporate customer detailed information for a selected payment or group of payments.
 Initiate new corporate customer transaction based on customer preference on: payment method (High value or low value payments) or intention (Salary or vendor payments).
 Access accounting principles and tax lots
 Browse or update benchmark compositions with lists of instruments and instrument weightings
 The Finastra Payment Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates a new CT payment. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 Retrieve computed analytics for financial products and different scenario results
 Perform actions on Payment Requests:Pay Now– Accept the request and pay now, Pay Later – Accept the request and pay later, Reject – Reject the request
 Provides current UTC datetime
 The Finastra Payment Request Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates, rejects, and accepts a payment request. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 Query and Create Collateral Product Parameters
 Query and Create Deposit Product Parameters
 Query and Create Loan Product Parameters
 Send a service request message to the bank's helpdesk by the corporate customer.
 Register a beneficiary in the system and use the beneficiary to initiate a funds transfer
 View the list of banks, as well as specific bank details
 Allows a corporate customer to upload, download and delete documents
 Get operational past due information for selected deals, facilities or customers
 Allows the corporate user to maintain the list of counterparties
 Upload and download files from the Document Management System.
finastra-export-letter-of-credit-b2c didn't extract the description
finastra-export-letter-of-credit-b2b didn't extract the description
 Service to maintain inter-company loan parameters.
 ATM Cash withdrawal, Cash deposit, Mini balance, balance check and POS Block
 Allows customers to send a remittance using the bank’s branch network to a beneficiary that is not a customer of that bank.
 The Spawner API retrieves financial data powered by machine learning. Spawner uses JSON to deliver data, access NLP, Financial ML, and computer vision with 3 to 5 lines of code.
With Spawner, developers can build machine learning into financial applications. Sign in to GitBook to access documentation.
finastra-import-letter-of-credit-b2b didn't extract the description
finastra-import-letter-of-credit-b2c didn't extract the description
 Perform multiple Outward Documentary Collection events such as Create and Amendment, and retrieve corresponding details.
 Allows a corporate customer to raise a term deposit transaction to the bank.
 Block amount in an account, release amount blocked and inquire the details of an existing block.
 Retrieve billing company list,Inquire billing company details, calculate charges, Validate before bill payment and pay bill
 Enable financial transactions posting and enquiry on Finastra Core banking solutions
 Post transfers between consumer accounts, retrieve transfer history or view transfer options
finastra-onboarding-&-information didn't extract the description
 The Algorand API provides blockchain services for financial operations. Algorand in REST architecture supports JavaScript, Python, Java, and Go programming languages to access the API.
Algorand is a technology company that has developed the first open blockchain protocol for today's economy, enabling the world of frictionless finance.
 RealtimeSocket.com provides financial data in a socket format so you dont have to keep making REST API requests, it will return updates automatically in the websocket (FTSE, DOW, Bitcoin, Gold, S&P500, Nasdaq)
 Lookup information about a United States security by its CUSIP number. Information returned is the security name, as well as its ticker symbol.
 Access stock prices. Financial statements and real stock price values.
Free stock API to discover financial data instantly. You can also access forex data and crypto including historical stocks data.
 Query for stock quotes, markets, crypto, news, etc...
 The Zirra API retrieves company facts, news, events, and historical time-series metrics. Developers can use the REST API authenticating with a Key.
With Zirra API, developers can get team metrics, open positions, and web traffic; news and events such as funding, partnerships, and acquisitions; and scoring including hundreds of metrics as historical time series data.
 Tradematic Cloud is a back-end infrastructure for building investment and trading apps. It’s a powerful algorithmic trading engine + API + ready-made adapters to stock and forex brokers, crypto exchanges, and market data providers. 12+ exchanges, 5 asset classes, 150 indicators. You can use it as a cloud API, or you can deploy it on your servers. See examples of applications to build with Tradematic Cloud at https://tradematic.cloud
 Query for quote data, market movers, international markets, sector performance, orders, chart, and news
 This API returns the information of the ATMs of our bank. ATMs are filtered by region.
 This API returns the information of the branches of our bank. Branches are filtered by region.
 This API checks the validity of the customer IBAN number.
 The Marketo User Management API enables CRUD operations on user records. Developers can browse users and roles, invite users, update users, and update roles. The API requires the HTTP header method to send the access token to authenticate. Responses are JSON formatted. Marketo is an engagement platform that allows marketers to build brand value, and grow revenue.
 The Marketo Landing Page Redirect Rules API enables the capability to redirect a landing page URL to another page URL. Developers can redirect Marketo landing pages, non-Marketo landing pages, or combinations thereof. Responses are JSON formatted. Marketo is an engagement platform that allows marketers to build brand value, and grow revenue.
 The Quicko API provides the digital infrastructure you will need to quickly build and scale your fintech application in banking, savings, wealth, financial wellness, and insurance.
It's really easy to use Quicko API to start consuming APIs in your app. Using Quicko API, you can consume any API using a unified, REST format that is easy to understand and embed in your app. Moreover, you can view all of the APIs you are connected to using the dashboard. Our APIs have simple, resource-oriented URLs, accepts JSON-encoded request bodies, returns JSON-encoded responses, and uses standard HTTP response codes, authentication and error messages.
 The Wall Street Horizon Enchilada API provides stocks, financial, and institutional data in XML format.
Developers can find, monitor, and update corporate event information, strategies trading decisions, and access new datasets. Features include coverage of over 12,000 global equities, the ability to create an unlimited number of watch lists, and the option to easily download your query results into an XML file.
bintable:-bin-lookup didn't extract the description
 This API returns the mutual fund prices for the requested date.
 This API returns interest rate information for the requested date and type of investment product.
vakıfbank-product-&-service-prices didn't extract the description
dtcc-voluntary-reorg-instructions-automation-(vri) didn't extract the description
dtcc-risk-management-as-a-service didn't extract the description
 The Jive Data Company Lookup API lets you find important information about companies - including Ticker(s), Full Company Name, Addresses, Phone Number, Fiscal Year, CIK, SIC Code, EIN, and company CUSIPS
 The DTCC Cash Claim Management API allows developers to submit new cash claims and to query or update existing cash claims. This API is not yet available, but will be soon.
This API is provided by the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC), an American post-trade financial services company that provides clearing and settlement services. In order to access APIs, developers will need to contact their DTCC Relationship Manager or email RMSupport@dtcc.com with subject line "DTCC API Marketplace Inquiry".
dtcc-fixed-income-mbsd-electronic-pool-notification-(epn) didn't extract the description
 The DTCC FRTB Real Price Observations API provides real price observation data services under the requirements of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB). This reduces banks' operational burdens and non-modellable risk factor (NMRF) capital charges. This API is not yet available, but will be soon.
This API is provided by the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC), an American post-trade financial services company that provides clearing and settlement services. In order to access APIs, developers will need to contact their DTCC Relationship Manager or email RMSupport@dtcc.com with subject line "DTCC API Marketplace Inquiry".
 The Insider Transactions API from Jive Data lets you analyze form 4 filings from the SEC.
 The Jive Data 13F Filings API provides real-time analysis of hedge fund and mutual funds within seconds of being filed.
 This API returns currency rates for the requested date.
 This API returns gold prices for the requested date.
 The 0x API provides methods to source liquidity from 0x Mesh, Kyber, Uniswap, Oasis, and decentralized exchange networks. With the API, developers can route transactions across decentralized exchange networks to find the lowest slippage possible.
0x API automatically creates an order that can be passed directly to smart contracts to be settled on-chain. No API key is required. 0x offers liquidity, fast response times and low revert rates, flexible integration, and open-source terms.
 CurrencyScoop is a developer-friendly and enterprise-grade REST API which provides real-time , daily and historical exchange rates for 168 world currencies and precious metals, delivered in a JSON format and compatible with any application, framework or language. The CurrencyScoop Forex data powers currency converters, mobile apps and back-office systems around the world.
 Finnhub API can be used to access real-time market data, institutional-grade fundamental and alternative data to supercharge your investment for FREE.
 Finnhub API can be used to access real-time market data, institutional-grade fundamental and alternative data to supercharge your investment for FREE.
 The YoBit Trade API allows developers to create orders, cancel orders, request active balances, and obtain information that requires access to personal account data. Authentication is required with each request, and all responses are provided in JSON format.
YoBit is a cryptocurrency exchange platform.
 The YoBit Public API allows developers to get information that doesn't require access to personal account data, such as the depth, fee, ticker, and trades for a given currency pair.
YoBit is a cryptocurrency exchange platform.
 The DigiFinex API provides endpoints for public use, private use, spot trading, OTC, and margin trading. The public endpoints can be used to get the ticker price, orderbook, recent trades, candles data, and more. The private endpoints can be used to create, get, and cancel orders as well as transfer assets among accounts and close positions.
DigiFinex is a digital assets trading platform that focuses on cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin.
 The DigiFinex Websocket API allows developers to subscribe and unsubscribe to trade and depth channels. The trade channel sends a message whenever a trade occurs on DigiFinex and includes details such as the price, amount, time, and type of trade. The depth channel allows developers to track the state of DigiFinex's order book depth with customizable precision.
DigiFinex is a digital assets trading platform that focuses on cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin.
 The BL3P Authenticated HTTP API allows developers to create an order, cancel an order, get a specific order, or get the whole orderbook. It also provides access to account-related functions such as creating a new deposit address, getting the last deposit address, getting the transaction history, creating a withdrawal, and getting an account balance.
BL3P is a cryptocurrency exchange based in the Netherlands. It is available in all European countries.
 The BL3P Public Websocket API allows developers to subscribe to streaming channels for executed trades and the current orderbook. Developer can choose to stream information from either the BTCEUR or LTCEUR markets.
BL3P is a cryptocurrency exchange based in the Netherlands. It is available in all European countries.
 The BL3P Public HTTP API allows developers to retrieve the orderbook, last 1000 trades, trade history, and ticker data. Ticker data includes the price of the last trade, the price of the current bid, the price of the current ask, and an array of trades executed.
BL3P is a cryptocurrency exchange based in the Netherlands. It is available in all European countries.
 The bitbank Public REST API allows developers to get ticker information, depth information, the latest executed transactions, and candlestick information. This is a public API that does not require authentication. Documentation for this API is available in both English and Japanese.
bitbank is a Japanese cryptocurrency exchange.
 The bitbank Private REST API allows developers to get trade history, pairs info, exchange status, and more. It can also be used to create and cancel orders and to fetch order information. Documentation for this API is available in both English and Japanese.
bitbank is a Japanese cryptocurrency exchange.
 The bitbank Web Socket Streams API allows developers to subscribe or unsubscribe to channels for ticker data, transactions, and depth. Ticker data includes the lowest sell price, highest buy price, highest price in last 24 hours, lowest price in last 24 hours, last executed price, and volume. Documentation for this API is available in both English and Japanese.
bitbank is a Japanese cryptocurrency exchange.
 This SIBS Payment Initiation API enables you with the ability to initiate a payment, on your client’s request, using one of the Multibanco payment instruments made available by
the Bank of the Payment Service User through its interfaces. The API provides an interface to access Multibanco Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 This API provides NLP and anomaly detection technlogies for crypto
 SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 The SIBS MB WAY ID Purchase API provides a way for Merchants to implement the MB WAY Purchase Checkout with a phone number in their Online Stores. It validates and immediately holds the amount on the customer's card, starts a purchase between a merchant and a customer, refunds a customer of a previously made MB Way ID purchase and more. This API provides an interface to access MB WAY Product services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
sibs-availability-of-funds didn't extract the description
 Belvo offers access to hundreds of banks across Latin America. Belvo enables personal finance management, credit tools, investment tools, accounting software, and built-in full encryption. The API can be utilized to integrate account details, transaction data, and institution information. The Belvo API offers JSON formatted responses.
 The Bit-Z Contract Market View API allows developers to get the market list of contract transactions, the K-line data for a contract, the market depth of contract transactions, the trade history of certain contracts, and the newest contract tickers.
Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions, including Singapore, Japan, and South Korea. Documentation is provided in Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and English.
 The Bit-Z Public API allows developers to get currency rates, currency coin rates, coin rate data, and the current time of the server.
Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions, including Singapore, Japan, and South Korea. Documentation is provided in Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and English.
 The Bit-Z Websocket Market Data API allows developers to subscribe and unsubscribe from data streams. For a given trading pair, streams are available that provide the market overview, depth, contract note, and K-line. This API will only return GZIP compressed data, which should be decompressed locally.
Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions, including Singapore, Japan, and South Korea. Documentation is provided in Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and English.
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment from a client's request, using one of the payment instruments made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User. This API provides an interface to access PSD2 Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. It allows you to request the creation of a payment initiation, update user data, Get payment requests and more. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 The SIBS Account Information API allows users to access SIBS account identification data, account balances and account transactions history. This API provides an interface to access PSD2 Account Information services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. It provides users with a consolidated view of available balances, income and spending, the spending behavior of users, both private and corporate, the ability to predict overdrafts and more. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
sibs-list-of-banks didn't extract the description
 The SIBS Payment Initiation API allows users to initiate a payment using one of the payment products made available by the Bank of the Payment Service User. It allows you to access a payment initiation request, update PSU data, request properties of a payment initiation and more. This API provides an interface to access Payment services that are designed on a REST model utilizing JSON structures. Examples are available for cURL, Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, NodeJS, Go and Swift. SIBS builds tools to define the future of the digital economy in Europe and beyond.
 The BHEX Contract API provides public endpoints for getting current broker trading rules, symbol information, current insurance funding, underlying asset index prices, current funding rates, and more. The API's private endpoints allow developers to place and cancel orders as well as retrieve open orders.
This API is provided by BHEX (Bluehelix), a crypto assets financial services provider. Documentation for this API is available in both English and Chinese.
 The Bit-Z Currency Market View API allows developers to get the trade summary of a symbol, the market depth of a symbol, the last trade of a symbol, trade summaries for all symbols, K-line, the list of all available currencies, the current time of the server, and the commission for trading mainstream cryptocurrencies and new cryptocurrencies.
Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions, including Singapore, Japan, and South Korea. Documentation is provided in Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and English.
 The Bit-Z Transfer API allows developers to get assets, deposit addresses, and withdrawal addresses. It can also be used to make withdrawals. These methods will all require a signature with submission.
Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions, including Singapore, Japan, and South Korea. Documentation is provided in Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and English.
 The Bit-Z Contract Trade API allows developers to get order details, order history, transaction history, transaction details for an order, and more. It can also be used to place or cancel a contract order.
Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions, including Singapore, Japan, and South Korea. Documentation is provided in Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and English.
 The Bit-Z Currency Trading API allows developers to submit or cancel limit orders. It can also be used to retrieve the developer's order history, current open orders, and order details.
Bit-Z is a popular digital assets trading exchange with branches in multiple countries and regions, including Singapore, Japan, and South Korea. Documentation is provided in Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and English.
 The BHEX REST API provides market data endpoints for getting market depth, recent trades, the kline/candlestick bars for a symbol, 24-hour price change statistics, the latest price for a symbol, and more. This API can also be used to send or cancel an order.
This API is provided by BHEX (Bluehelix), a crypto assets financial services provider. Documentation for this API is available in both English and Chinese.
 The BHEX Options Open API provides public methods for retrieving trading and expired options, the current index price and EDP, the options order book, the latest trades for a given option, and kline information. The API also provides private methods for placing an order, canceling an order, retrieving open orders, getting details for an order, and more.
This API is provided by BHEX (Bluehelix), a crypto assets financial services provider. Documentation for this API is available in both English and Chinese.
 The BHEX Websocket Stream API allows developers to subscribe to or unsubscribe from data streams, including streams for raw trade information, market tickers, kline/candlestick, orderbook depth, and index data. Developers can choose to receive data at intervals ranging from one minute to one month.
This API is provided by BHEX (Bluehelix), a crypto assets financial services provider. Documentation for this API is available in both English and Chinese.
 The Korbot Exchange Wallet API allows developers to transfer funds among their main account, sub accounts, and various trading accounts. It can also be used to get deposit addresses and make withdrawals.
Korbot Exchange is a crypto exchange for algorithmic trading. It currently does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The Korbot Exchange Token Trading API allows developers to retrieve market data, account information, and bill details for their trading accounts. The API can also place, cancel, or retrieve orders.
Korbot Exchange is a crypto exchange for algorithmic trading. It currently does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The Korbot Exchange Websocket API allows developers to subscribe to channels to receive market data. This API is strongly recommended for developers who want to access market-related information and trading depth.
Korbot Exchange is a crypto exchange for algorithmic trading. It currently does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The Hubi REST API allows developers to interact with Hubi in order to get user information, query an entrustment, get coin or symbol information, query assets, and more. All requests and responses are given in JSON.
Hubi is a global digital asset exchange alliance. API documentation is available in English and Chinese.
 The Hubi WebSocket API allows developers to subscribe to market depth and ticker information over WebSocket. All request and response messages are sent in JSON. All time units and time stamps returned by the API use milliseconds.
Hubi is a global digital asset exchange alliance. API documentation is available in English and Chinese.
 The CoinAll Wallet API allows developers to transfer funds among their main account, sub accounts, and various trading accounts. The API can also get deposit addresses and make withdrawals.
CoinAll is a digital asset exchange platform. Currently, it does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The CoinAll Token Trading API provides endpoints for retrieving market data, accessing account data, managing orders, and getting bill details for a trading account.
CoinAll is a digital asset exchange platform. Currently, it does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The CoinAll Websocket API allows developers to subscribe or unsubscribe from one or more data channels. Public channels provide access to ticker, kline, trade, and depth data feeds.
CoinAll is a digital asset exchange platform. Currently, it does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The BitMax REST API allows developers to get information such as current trading fees, order book data, market trades, and bar history data. It can also be used to place, retrieve, and cancel orders from a cash account or a margin account.
BitMax is a global digital asset trading platform that covers more than 100 digital assets including BTC, ETH, and BTMX.
 The BitMax WebSocket API allows developers to subscribe to data streams for market depth, market trades, and the client's own orders. Both public and authenticated data streams are available.
BitMax is a global digital asset trading platform that covers more than 100 digital assets including BTC, ETH, and BTMX.
 The DGCSC API provides a RESTful prices feed of Gold and Silver that returns results in XML or JSON and updates every 2 minutes. This includes prices for Gold, Silver, Platinum and more. Example Code is available for JavaScript, PHP and CFML. DGCSC.org offers free access to XML and JSON formatted files of frequently updated Gold and Silver prices for approx. 18 years.
 The IDAX REST API allows developers to interact with the IDAX platform to get account information, order information, transaction history information, market quotes, K-line data, market depth quotes, and more. It can also be used to order and cancel transactions.
IDAX is an international cryptocurrency exchange platform created by GBC (Global Blockchain Research Centre). All API documentation is given exclusively in Chinese.
 The IDAX WebSocket API allows developers to subscribe to market data, market depth, the transaction record, or K-line data. IDAX uses a heartbeat mechanism to ensure that the client and server are properly connected.
IDAX is an international cryptocurrency exchange platform created by GBC (Global Blockchain Research Centre). All API documentation is given exclusively in Chinese.
 The Paxos API allows users to build and integrate products with Paxos digital financial infrastructure. This API utilizes OAuth2 in its authorization flow, and enables third parties with permission to act on behalf of Paxos customers with customer consent. It provides a way to read the transaction history associated with the end-customer's Paxos account, return the transaction details for a specific customer activity, returns a specific Paxos-issued deposit address and more. Paxos mission is to modernize finance by mobilizing assets online, and is a regulated financial institution that builds infrastructures to enable movement between physical and digital assets.
bank-of-america-payments-balance-and-transactions didn't extract the description
bank-of-america-account-balance didn't extract the description
bank-of-america-push-notifications didn't extract the description
bank-of-america-payments didn't extract the description
bank-of-america-repetitive-payments didn't extract the description
bank-of-america-funds-check didn't extract the description
 The CoinBene SPOT API offers both public and private interfaces to the CoinBene cryptocurrency exchange. The Public Interface allows developers to get transaction information, ticker information, and depth. The Private Interface allows developers to query account information, query asset information, create and undo orders, and more.
CoinBene is a crypto assets platform spanning 180 countries, capable of supporting 100 million orders per second.
 The CoinBene Margin API provides both public and private interfaces to cryptocurrency margin information. The Public Interface allows developers to get all transaction configuration information or just transaction configuration information for a specific currency pair. The Private Interface can be used to query account information, create or undo orders, query information for an order, and more.
CoinBene is a crypto assets platform spanning 180 countries, capable of supporting 100 million orders per second.
 The CoinBene SWAP REST API provides developers with both a public and a private interface to CoinBene. The Public Interface allows developers to get order information, ticker information, K-line data, and the latest filled orders. The Private Interface can be used to place or cancel an order, get transaction details for a specific order, get a list of funding rates, query contract account information, and more.
CoinBene is a crypto assets platform spanning 180 countries, capable of supporting 100 million orders per second.
 The Coinbene SWAP WebSocket API allows developers to subscribe and unsubscribe to topics. Public topics do not require authentication and include order book, trade list, ticker, and kline. Private topics require login and include user account, user position, and user order.
This API is provided by CoinBene, a crypto assets platform that spans 180 countries and can support 100 million orders per second.
 The Bithumb Public API allows developers to use REST calls to access cryptocurrency exchange market information. This includes current price information, bid and ask information, transaction history, and the Bithumb Crypto Index (BTCI).
Bithumb is a Korean cryptocurrency exchange. API documentation is provided in both Korean and English.
 The Bithumb Private API allows developers to get information about an account, an account balance, a wallet address, tickers, orders, and transactions. It can also be used to place or cancel trades and make withdrawals.
Bithumb is a Korean cryptocurrency exchange. API documentation is provided in both Korean and English.
 The ZB REST API allows developers to integrate ZB's cryptocurrency trading functions into their applications. This API is primarily recommended for currency transactions and asset withdrawals. However, it can also get information on the market configuration, market depth, ticker data, historical deals, K-line, etc.
ZB is a Chinese cryptocurrency exchange. Their website is provided in both English and Chinese, but the API documentation is provided only in Chinese.
 The ZB WebSocket API allows developers obtain information such as market configuration, market depth, ticker data, and historical data. The API can also be used to create and cancel orders, get user information, manage sub-accounts, and get user leverage information.
ZB is a Chinese cryptocurrency exchange. Their website is provided in both English and Chinese, but the API documentation is provided only in Chinese.
 ApiDapp adds blockchain and smart contract support to applications. The API enables developers to access accounts, blocks, transactions, and wallet information. ApiDapp offers connectivity to blockchain networks, test and production blockchains, multiple security options, and predictable costs based on usage.
 The eMoney Access Firm Admin API allows users to manage eMoney offices, clients and users. It provides a way to update or change a client's owning advisor, add new users, advisors, assistants, and planners, set the display names and more. eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key, to receive a JSON Web Token for API access. eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals, firms, and enterprises of all sizes.
 The eMoney Access Supporting Info API gives users to a unified view for syncing notes, tasks and alerts across platforms. It provides a way to generate and export eMoney client income data, including name, type, amount, inflation rate and more. eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key, to receive a JSON Web Token for API access. eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals, firms, and enterprises of all sizes.
 The eMoney Access Document Management API allows users to upload and store important documents created outside of eMoney in the vault, and download vault documents to be stored and shared in another platform. Manage external files and reports, plus view, save, and share important financial documents, download items to edit and manage on other platforms and more with the API. eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key, to receive a JSON Web Token for API access. eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals, firms, and enterprises of all sizes.
 The eMoney Access Client Facts API allows users to generate and export eMoney client asset data, liability data, income data, expense data and more. Generate and export eMoney client income data such as name, type, amount and inflation rate, to export eMoney client tasks and more with the API. eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key, to receive a JSON Web Token for API access. eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals, firms, and enterprises of all sizes.
 The eMoney Access Plan Data API allows you to manage plans and client goals, view goal funding and projections, access client probability and others. It provides a way to download goals and associated value and timeline information, gain a real-time update of the client's probability of success, create a unified client view across platforms and more. eMoney enables authentication that is utilized via POST request via Client Id and API key, to gain a JSON Web Token for API access. eMoney is the leading provider of scalable wealth management solutions for financial professionals, firms, and enterprises of all sizes.
 The Currency Quake API enables strength meter tools in Forex applications. The API can be used to acquire the statistical strength or weakness of the 8 major currencies in the Forex market. Information is derived by comparing 28 currency pairs and identifying the biggest movements in price. The Currency Quake API features REST architecture, and JSON-formatted responses. This API is free to use, and requires no authentication.
 The Vatstack API enables developers to geolocate customers' VAT (value added tax) rates. Also, the API can be used to validate VAT numbers. Responses contain company information from the European Commission, and includes a consultation number as evidence for validation. Vatstack features REST architecture, API Key authentication, and JSON encoded responses.
 The ParaSwap API allows applications and traders to access liquidity, price feeds, instant swaps, and payments. The API operates as a decentralized exchange hub, obtaining the nest price to building a transaction payload.
 The Mercury API allows users to access Mercury banking accounts, transaction history, make payments to existing recipients and more. The API utilizes basic authentication over HTTPS to authenticate via token. Mercury provides banking services that support startups.
 Remita enables developers to integrate payment capabilities with applications. This platform can be utilized to pay invoices, receive payments, implement payroll for businesses, buy airtime/data, and more. Remita requires API Keys for authentication. Remita is a payment platform for applications and websites.
 The Lbank REST API is recommended for developers wanting to perform currency exchange transactions or asset withdrawals with Lbank. The API documentation is provided in both English and Chinese.
Lbank is a digital asset exchange platform that covers a large number of cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, EOS.IO, NEO, Legal Block, and many others.
 The Lbank WebSocket API is recommended for developers wanting to obtain information such as market conditions and trading depth from Lbank. The API documentation is provided in both English and Chinese.
Lbank is a digital asset exchange platform that covers a large number of cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, EOS.IO, NEO, Legal Block, and many others.
 The OKEx Margin Trading API allows developers to retrieve market data, account data, loan history, bill details, transaction details, and more for their margin trading accounts. It can also be used to place, cancel, or get a list of orders.
OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology.
Currently, OKEx does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA (and its territories), Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The OKEx Perpetual Swap API allows developers to retrieve market data, account info, order operations, order inquires, and bills of perpetual swap trading.
OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology.
Currently, OKEx does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA (and its territories), Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The OKEx Funding Account API allows developers to transfer funds between their main account, sub accounts, and various trading accounts. It can also get deposit addresses and retrieve histories of deposits or withdrawals.
OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology.
Currently, OKEx does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA (and its territories), Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The OKEx INDEX API provides a single public method that allows developers to retrieve index contents. This API is rate limited to 20 calls every 2 seconds.
OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology.
Currently, OKEx does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA (and its territories), Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The OKEx Futures Trading API allows developers to retrieve market data, account info, transaction details, contract information, order details, bill details, etc. Developers can also place, batch, and cancel orders.
OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology.
Currently, OKEx does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA (and its territories), Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The OKEx Websocket API is designed for spot and margin users. All of the data channels are applicable to both types of users, except for the Account Channel. Developers are strongly advised to use the Websocket API for retrieving market data and order book depth.
OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology.
Currently, OKEx does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA (and its territories), Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The OKEx Spot Trading API allows developers to retrieve market data, account information, transaction details, and bill details for their trading account. This API can also be used to place, batch, or cancel orders.
OKEx is a digital asset exchange that provides financial services to traders using blockchain technology.
Currently, OKEx does not serve customers in Hong Kong, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Crimea, Sudan, Malaysia, Syria, USA (and its territories), Bangladesh, Bolivia, Ecuador, or Kyrgyzstan.
 The Wealthbox API returns customer relationship management features for financial applications, providing contacts, tasks, workflows, events, projects, and notes. Wealthbox is CRM software for financial advisors.
 Patriot / OFAC Search API uses fuzzy search algorithms to determine if a name is a likely match on the OFAC SDN or non-SDN (consolidated) lists. iAbstract provides Automation for the Title Industry, including access to a directory of United States county offices. The iAbstract Patriot Search Service is based on the US Office of Foreign Assets Control, Specially Designated Nationals list. (OFAC SDN). Developer wishing to integrate via the API need to contact iAbstract.com for more information.
 The BlockFacts REST API enables users to fetch data from multiple cryptocurrency exchanges through only one API. The API includes methods for accessing assets, retrieving current and historical data, retriveing end of day data, plus running normalization pairs and more. BlockFacts provides unified digital asset data-infrastructure with tick-level access, full auditability & traceability. A Websocket API is also available.
Start your crypto project or defi oracle with our prebuilt SDKs in 2minutes. Currently in free-trial beta.
 Basiq enables connectivity to financial institutions located in Australia and New Zealand. The Basiq API offers resources for personal financial management, wealth management, risk insights, cashflow analysis, summaries, and verifications. The API features REST architecture with data enrichment and affordability endpoints.
 The ABN-AMRO Payment Initiation API returns data to initiate payments and retrieve information on the status of the transaction. Developers need a PSD2 license to use this service. They can authenticate with an API Key and make calls that return JSON responses. ABN AMRO Bank is headquartered in Amsterdam, Holland.
 The ABN-AMRO Account Information API returns data in JSON format with accounts' balances and balance transactions. Developers can authenticate with API Key and OAuth2. The website can be translated from Dutch to English. ABN AMRO Bank is headquartered in Amsterdam, Holland.
 The ABN-AMRO Tikkie Fast Checkout API enables customers to checkout in seconds, aiming to boost the conversion rate of a webshop. Methods are available to manage orders, shipping costs, currencies, payer information and more. Developers can authenticate with API Key and OAuth2. ABN AMRO Bank is headquartered in Amsterdam, Holland.
 The ABN-AMRO FX Trade API returns data in JSON format that receives real-time foreign exchange rates and initiate currency conversions. Developers can authenticate with API Key and OAuth2. The API includes a sandbox endpoint with methods for currency pairs, indicative rates, orders, quotes, and more. ABN AMRO Bank is headquartered in Amsterdam, Holland.
 This MTN Collection API allows you to request a payment from a consumer, get the status of a request to pay, Get the balance of the account and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
 This MTN Sandbox User Provisioning service allows you to create an API user in the sandbox target environment, create an API key for an API user in the sandbox target environment and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
 This MTN Disbursements service allows you to create an access token, transfer an amount from the owner's account to a payee account, get the status of a transfer and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
 This MTN Remittance service is utilized with the Mobile Money API’s. It allows you to create an access token to authorize and authenticate other endpoints, transfer an amount from an own account to a payee account, Get the balance of the account and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
 The MTN Mobile Money API provides services that enable remote and automatic collection of bills fees and taxes. It allows you to automatically deposit funds to multiple users and more. Example code is available for Curl, C#, Java, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, Python and Ruby. MoMo is financial services that are used for personal, agency, merchant and corporate applications. The MTN Group delivers voice, data, mobile financial services and digital products across 21 countries in Africa and the Middle East.
 Even Financial is an API for Financial Services Monetization. The Even API can return offers for Even's product offerings through a single endpoint for creating leads and generating 'rate tables' with personalized offers. With the Even API, partners have the ability to create custom user interfaces that are integrated within existing user experiences or where an embed is not possible. For example, a personal finance mobile application may use the Even API directly to generate offers and display them across the application. When using the real-time pricing model, partners using the Even API have direct access to offer pricing information. This allows partners to make real-time decisions when presenting offers to their users.
 The SaltEdge API displays JSON data with financial information including banking, online payment systems, transactions, and currency rates. Developers can authenticate with an API Key and access via cURL. SaltEdge is a Fintech solution company.
 Contract.fit provides business process services. The Contract.fit API is your one-stop shop to help you with all your intelligent automation needs. This fast, accurate and flexible API is for extraction, classification and validation of content from documents, emails, etc. The API provides methods for documents, files, projects, settings, users, roles, inboxes and more.
bank-of-ireland-sandbox didn't extract the description
 The Stronghold Libra API supports HTTP and JSON formats to connect to the Blockchain test net. Users may create wallets and make Libra coin payments. Enterprise customers can deploy custom 'Move' language modules to develop Libra smart contracts before the protocol’s proposed 2020 release. No blockchain-specific skills are necessary to use Stronghold Libra.
 This Fire Webhooks API allows you to be notified of events in real time for fire.com accounts. This includes notifications for payments, withdrawals and more. Fire Financial Services is business and personal digital accounts that are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
 The fire.com TPP service provides an Open Banking dedicated API for Trans-Pacific Partnerships (TPP) to access Fire.com personal and business accounts. Fire Financial Services is business and personal digital accounts that are regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
 The Square Checkout API is a prebuilt solution for taking payments with a secure payment form hosted by Square. Square Checkout API supports online payments with next business day deposits, PCI-compliant payments, and SSL support. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers.
 The Square Labor API provides a way to integrate Square Point of Sale timekeeping with applications for labor cost reporting, payroll, and overtime management. It allows you to integrate a time-clock application with a Square account. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Transactions API provides a way to authorize and capture online payments, link payments with orders for itemized transactions, and link transactions to customer profiles for recurring payments. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 Derivator is a financial derivative pricing and valuation tool accessible through RESTful APIs. The APIs enable users to price and analyze simple to complex derivatives. Interested developers should write to the provider for API and documentation access.
 The Square Webhooks API provides real-time notifications with Connect API events or Point of Sale payments. The Square Webhook integration includes services for events, subscriptions and notifications. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 The Square Inventory Webhooks API allows you to build real-time notifications for all relevant inventory items and events. It sends a notification when the quantity is updated for a catalog item variation. The Inventory API provides a way to manage inventory counts and integrate with 3rd party tracking software, to accept inventory adjustments and physical counts for quantities of item variations and transitions. Square enables developers to build customized solutions that accept payments online, in-person, or in-app to manage products and customers. Square also builds services that support products and tools to manage finances.
 Cloud Wallet is a highly scalable ledger layer that enables closed-loop transfers between users or IoT devices. It allows developers to reduce cost & time-to-market while building and scaling their IoT solutions
 The TurtleCoin Wallet RPC API returns virtual coin data to send to friends and businesses. TurtleCoin RPC Wallet is an HTTP server that provides examples in Shell, JavaScript, PHP, Python, and Go languages.
 The Open Banking Nigeria API is a specification that enables Nigerian financial institutions with the ability to develop API endpoints to integrate with mobile and web applications. It is an Open Banking API that provides services for third party developers, financial service providers, banks, Fintechs, and other users; to retrieve branch information, get ATMs within a geographic location, send feedback to the bank or financial institution and more. Currently, Open Banking Nigeria standards can only be implemented and supported for licensed financial services providers in Nigeria. Open Banking Nigeria provides services to build API standards for the Nigerian financial industry.
 The PineLabs Payment Gateway provides access to payment services that includes multi-acquiring, Brand EMI, Scheme validation and others. It allows you to integrate with PineLabs Payment Gateway to receive payments from customers via card, net banking, wallets, UPI and more. PineLabs is a merchant platform company that provides financing and last-mile retail transaction technology to merchants in 3700 cities and towns across India and Malaysia.
 Finastra provides consumer banking, corporate banking, lending, payments, treasury and capital markets APIs. Authentication is required with OAuth2 and callbacks are available with JSON format in return.
 The Al Baraka API allows you to utilize services for accounts, payments, investment products, credit cards, and others. The API requires authorization using the OAuth2 protocol via Token. This includes access to Accounts, Money Transfers, Loans, Financing and more. Al Baraka operates funds in trade and industrial finance that serves individual finance, corporate finance, leasing, and project-based profit-loss partnerships.
Al Baraka Islamic Bank provides regional banking, financial products, and services in the Persian Gulf, Middle East, and North Africa, and shares the interest-free profit with customers.
 Our API makes it easy to integrate fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies such as; Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), XRP and several others into new and existing applications.
 The Quidax Merchant WebSocket API enables developers with access to real-time data channels, that will push the changes of the order book and market transaction data to the user. Quidax provides a way to integrate fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies into new and existing applications. This includes; Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, XRP and more. Quidax supports buying and selling cryptocurrencies from your local currency.
 This GraphQL service is replacing the REST version of this API , which will be sunseted in December, 2019. The Kiva API gives you access to the world's first person-to-person micro-lending website, which empowers individuals to lend directly to unique entrepreneurs in the developing world. Kiva is a nonprofit organization.
 The Rendity API returns real estate investment data in JSON format. Rendity is a online real estate investments platform that supports 7% P.A. return without fees. The API returns data including category, return rate, duration, funding and images.
 The PrimeTrust Product API can access account opening, deposits, withdraws, and internal transfers data in JSON API specifications. Developers can retrieve custody, stablecoin, and exchange information with GET, POST, PATCH, and DELETE verbs. Prime Trust provides APIs and financial infrastructure solutions for the digital economy.
 The PrimeTrust Account Opening and Management API returns account information and displays account access. To interact with endpoints, developers can create a user. PrimeTrust provides instructions. Developers can authenticate with a JSON web token to make calls that will display JSON format in return. Prime Trust provides APIs and financial infrastructure solutions for the digital economy.
 The PrimeTrust API provides financial services including escrow payment handling data. The API enables account set up to accept payments, investment options, and fund dispersion. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will return JSON responses. Prime Trust provides APIs and financial infrastructure solutions for the digital economy.
 The Fabrick Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API.
 This eBay Sell API is used to retrieve seller payouts and monetary transaction details related to eBay payouts. It is used by sellers in eBay's Managed Payments program to retrieve seller payout information. A payout is distributed to the seller's bank account shortly after the buyer's payment for an order clears. The data is similar to the data available under the Payments tab of the Seller Hub in "My eBay". eBay manages the payments process, for the available payment methods, and for distributed payouts directly to the seller's preferred bank account, the ability to retrieve details on a specific payout and more. eBay is an online marketplace.
 This Fabrick Financial Advisory API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to manage the creation of an investment advice for securities accounts. This includes the ability to; retrieve a list of accounts for a specified advisor, retrieve the details of an existing account, create new investment advice on the specified dossier and account and more. The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API.
fabrick-banca-sella-split-payments-for-marketplaces didn't extract the description
 The Vulekamali Datastore API provides access to the data and resources on the Vulekamali data portal, which contains budget summaries for South African government departments. Vulekamali is a joint effort by the National Treasury and Imali Yethu to make South Africa's National and Provincial budget data more accessible to the public. The datastore is built using the open-source CKAN software.
 The Finastra Funds API gets a list of available funds, optionally filtered by name. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 Tickeron offers summaries and technical analysis data for any stock, ETF, and cryptocurrency. This information is provided via RSS feed. Tickeron is a financial marketplace powered by artificial intelligence.
 This Fabrick Customer Information API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to retrieve customer information, such as personal data, related subjects, documentation and lists of accounts and cards. This includes the ability to retrieve the details of an authenticated user, retrieve a list of related subjects for an authenticated user, retrieve a list of available documents for an authenticated user and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Equity Crowdfunding Portals API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to integrate order payment services in online equity crowdfunding portals. This includes the ability to retrieve a list of companies, create a new campaign, update the details of an existing campaign and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments PagoPA API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search payments on the PagoPA circuit. This includes the ability to; create a PagoPA payment order, retrieve a list of PagoPA orders, retrieve the details of a specific PagoPA order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments Postal Forms API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search payments of postal forms. This includes the ability to create a postal form payment order, retrieve a list of postal form orders, retrieve the details of a specific postal form order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments Money Transfers API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search money transfers. This includes the ability to create a SCT payment order, retrieve the details of a specific SCT order, Search SCT orders on a specific account and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments F24 API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search F24 payments. This includes the ability to create a new F24-Simple order, retrieve an existing F24-Simple order, delete a booked F24-Simple order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments CBILL API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute, book and search payments on the CBILL circuit. This includes the ability to create a CBILL payment order, retrieve a list of all CBILL orders on a specific account, cancel a previously booked CBILL order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Credit Debit Card Management API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to manage credit and debit payment cards. This includes the ability to retrieve all the cards, retrieve the details of a specific card, retrieve the balance of a credit card and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Cash Account Management API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to manage cash accounts, and access to account lists, balances and transaction lists. This includes the ability to retrieve a list of accounts, retrieve the balance of a specific cash account, retrieve the reserved entry list of an account and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 The UNICORN Binance WebSocket Python API creates a multiplex WebSocket connection to Binance with 3 lines of code. The API features auto reconnect services, streams, compatibility with Python programs, and stream management.
 This Fabrick Video Conferencing System API is a Bandyer service that provides endpoints to manage a web video conferencing system that can be integrated into any application. This includes services to create a user for a specified company, retrieve a list of users for a company and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Cash Account Utils API is a Banca Sella service that provides utility endpoints for cash account management. This includes the ability to check if the execution date/time is valid for a new SCT Order, retrieve a list of valid execution dates of a new SCT Order and more. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Prepaid Card Management API is a Banca Sella service to manage prepaid payment cards. This includes the ability to retrieve all the prepaid cards, retrieve the details of a specific card, retrieve the balance of a prepaid card, and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Payments Postal SCT-Inst API is a Banca Sella service that provides the endpoints to execute and search SCT-Inst money transfers. This includes the ability to create a SCT-Inst payment order, retrieve the details of a specific SCT-Inst order and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Onboarding Produce Subscription API is a Fabrick service to enable the creation and management of onboarding workflows for products of other platform producers. This includes the ability to; retrieve a list of enabled providers for product subscription, retrieve a list of products that can be subscribed on a specific provider and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Authentication service allows you to manage the authentication process for mediated Fabrick Platform access. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payments API is a Axerve service that provides the APIs for eCommerce payments management to Creates a new payment, Retrieves an existing payment, Charge an authorized payment and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Payments SDD SEPA Direct Debit JSON API is a Fabrick service to manage the collection of SDD payments in JSON format. This includes the ability to; create a new mandate, create a new payment order based on an existing mandate, retrieve an existing payment and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Factoring Payments Collection API is a Fabrick service to enable the automatic payment collection and reconciliation for factors. This includes the ability to; retrieve a list of creditors, create a new expected transaction, search for existing payment transactions and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 The Payments SDD SEPA Direct Debit XML API is a Fabrick service to manage the collection of SDD payments in legacy XML format. Methods are available for Searches for existing payments, retrieve an existing payment and more. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Financial Instruments Closing Prices API is a Fabrick service to retrieve the closing prices of financial instruments and search the closing prices of a list of financial instruments. The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Advanced POS Management API is a Axerve service that enables the management of your POS network, providing access to sales transactions, money transfers and documentation. The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Platform Utils API enables users to retrieve the complete list of values for the specified enumeration and retrieve the description of the specified enumeration value. The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick Acceptance POS and Cash API is a Axerve service that enables the management of your POS network, providing access to sales transactions, money transfers and documentation. The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform is an open financial ecosystem with APIs for building financial applications.
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Payment Page API is a Axerve service that enables users to retrieve the available payment provider list for a specified payment, retrieve the details of a specific payment provider and more. The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API.
 This Fabrick eCommerce Solution Tokenization API is a Axerve service that provides the APIs for tokenization. It enables users to Create a new card token, Retrieve a list of card tokens and more. The Fabric Platform exposes RESTful web APIs that are provided by an independent company that has joined the Fabrick ecosystem and has chosen to expose its services on the Fabrick Platform. API requests must be sent using HTTP protocols with an API Key and Token used for authentication. The Fabrick Platform provides an open financial ecosystem to foster collaborations that create innovative solutions for end customers via an API.
 The Finastra Payment Search API retrieves a list of payment requests that were received. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Unicorn Binance Websocket API returns analytics data such as financial trade, kline, ticker, and depth public data. Developers can authenticate with an API Key. Unicorn Data Analysis FZC is a trading, investment and consulting firm headquartered in Dubai.
 The Finastra Lending Deposits API returns a list savings account and direct deposit account, or similar. Lenders can filter accounts by minimum balance and interest. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Real Time Payment Initiation API creates credit transfer payments in real time. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Instruments API searches instruments, according to the required RSQL query and performs full-text search on the text parameter. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Non-Working Days API lists the non working days including weekend days, public holidays and custom dates between two dates. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Exchange Rates API I delivers exchange rate data for currencies. API functionalities retrieves the latest exchange rate data for all currencies. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Request Network API is a RESTful service that enables users to interact with the Request Protocol, abstracting all Blockchain-related aspects. Use the API to create Requests, list Requests, and find a specific Request by its ID. The Request service uses an API Key to authenticate requests, and supports JSON-encoded requests and responses. Request Network is an Open Financial Network for transaction requests that includes support for; blockchain, invoicing, ethereum and more. This API is currently in alpha, and is running on the Rinkeby Ethereum test network. Please check the Request Network roadmap to learn more about the Protocol release to the Ethereum Mainnet.‌‌
 The Kony Streaming API returns stream data in JSON format. With the API, developers can monitor live stream data available in servers. Kony provides digital and mobile application development services.
 The TraderMade API provides Forex and CFD quotes. Developers are offered JSON formatted data to analyze market information with low latency. This API requires API Keys for authentication. TraderMade supports historical and live requests. Interested developers can contact the provider for API documentation.
allied-irish-bank-confirmation-of-funds didn't extract the description
 The Finastra Payment Request API retrieves a status report of a previously submitted payment request. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra UETR Generation creates a unique end-to-end transaction reference. It contains a Universally Unique IDentifier (UUID) compliant with version 4 of standard RFC4122. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Referential Data API fetches a list of countries, currencies, and its ISO code. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Verizon Connect API is a platform available by request to share billing, payroll, HR, maintenance, CRM, finance, health, and safety business software solutions. Developers can build customized connections between Verizon Connect and external applications, aiming to benefit the mobile workforce. Note: Verizon Connect platform now encompasses what was Telogis fleet management API. Developers interested in the Verizon Connect platform APIs need to contact the provider for more information.
 The Finastra Payment Request Pay Now Pay Later Reject API retrieves JSON data to reject a payment, pay now, pay later, and obtain the full status of a payment. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Total Lending Product API retrieves a list of loan products and searches for a specific loan product. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Transaction Enquiries API retrieves the user audit history on the particular transaction. Authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that display JSON format in return. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Allied Irish Bank Payments API enables users to initiate payments from a customer's account with methods for payment resource, payment instruction for processing, and more. It supports 0Auth 2.0 to grant access to third party service providers to initiate payments. This API uses the Open Banking Gateway to access banking data and to ensure that the banks and building societies deliver a common specification of financial APIs.
 The Finastra FX Rates API converts the given amount for the pair of currencies. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that receive JSON response in return. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Receivables Check Inquiry API retrieves images associated with a check. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls that return JSON formats. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Financial Spreads API creates a new financial spread for the defined individual, business, or government entity (Party). Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Sweep Trigger is available on demand, by simulation, by transfer, and by adjustment to initiate payments. Authentication is required with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Membership Validation API returns data of given bank identifier (BIC or NCC), scheme, and service. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
finastra-static-data-for-trade-capture didn't extract the description
 The Finastra Payment Request Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates, rejects, and accepts a payment request. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Reporting API retrieves tables and reports data. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Forex Spot Trade Capture API returns a list of trades, creates new Forex spot trade, and gets details of a Forex spot trade. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra International Payment Initiation API initiates a new international payment. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Payment Following Raw ISO20022 API initiates a new CT payment. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Fee Calculation API get the calculation of fees. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Clearing Schemes Names API retrieves a list of clearing scheme names. The consumer can query a currency or a message format type. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Allied Irish Bank Accounts API enables users to access customer account information and transactions history. It supports 0Auth 2.0 to grant access to third party service providers for; Account balance and/or transactional information, Information on standing orders and and more. This API uses the Open Banking Gateway to access banking data and to ensure that the banks and building societies deliver a common specification of financial APIs.
 The Rabobank Account Information API provides access to balance and transaction data for Rabobank payment accounts. It allows you to deliver consented payment accounts for a specific Rabobank customer, deliver balance for one or more consented payment accounts and more. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Rabobank Confirmation Availability Funds API verifies when a specific amount of funds are available on an account. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Rabobank Payment Initiation API allows transactions to be initiated for the PSD2 Payment Initiation Service. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Rabobank Payment Request API provides the ability for Third Parties to create and manage payment requests for domestic Rabobank accounts. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Rabobank PSD2 Enrollment API enables you with the ability to enroll automatically at Rabobank. It allows you to request production access for certified PSD2 AISPs and PISPs. A production account is created for the developer, to gain access to the PSD2 API products. The enrollment API requires an email address as a parameter, with the supplied email address assigned as a username. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Rabobank OAuth API provides the ability to obtain tokens for OAuth 2.0 secured Rabobank API's. Examples are available for Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Go, Swift, C, C# and cURL. This API is designed to be used by certified Payment Initiation and Account Information Service Providers. Rabobank provides financial services that access ways to make payments, invest, get a mortgage, save money and more.
 The Finastra Fair Lending Data Transfer API transfers Fair Lending Data containing Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) and/or Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) into Fusion Compliance Reporter. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Loan Status API returns the status of a loan. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Sweep Inquiry Agreements API gets sweep hybrid agreement details. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2 to make calls in JSON format. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Lead Import POS API creates a new loan based on information imported from an external source. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Lending Documents API creates a new lending document for a lender, retrieves commercial lending documents, and searches for a commercial lending document. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Sweep Inquiry Execution API gets all sweep execution results for a given client. JSON formats are available to make calls to the API. Authentication required with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Static Data API fetches a list of all countries available to process payments. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Transaction Approval API displays a transaction rejection by the authorizer for a pending transaction. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Financial Ratios API returns the financial spread ratios by the unique Party ID (GUID). Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Lead Import LOS API creates a new loan based on the information imported from an external source. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Exchange Rates and Currency Conversion API returns the latest foreign exchange reference rates. Rates are quoted against the Euro by default. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra US Payment Calculator API calculates a T payment structure for a fully amortizing installment loan with Monthly Interest Accrual and a fixed interest rate. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Rate Search POS API creates a list of products and rates that apply to a specific purchase loan scenario. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Rate Search LOS API returns a list of product and rates that apply to the provided loan scenario. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Party API creates new corporations, estates, governments, individuals, limited liability companies, partnerships, sole protectorships, trusts, and parties. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Corporate Profile API returns JSON data with the details of a corporate bank. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Customer Good Funds API creates new good funds credit transfer in JSON format. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Capture Check API adds a check and image data to a deposit. It also adds multiple checks details with summary deposit information and with image data. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Retail Banking Accounts API retrieves details, balances and transactions for an account. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Liquidity Client Information API gets liquidity product features assigned to a client by Client ID and product type as Sweep or Notional Pooling. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Collateral API returns data to secure loans, calculate creditworthiness, and predict the risk associated with a loan. The calls return current values and types of collateral a lender has in their system. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Corporate Payment Initiation API initiates a payment request between corporate accounts. Users can transfer funds inside and outside the financial institution. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Lending Credits API searches for a commercial credit request by the unique ID (GUID). Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Customer Account Information API returns data in JSON format. It gives authorization for external access to his account information. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Accounts and Balances API retrieves a summary of accounts, balances, details, and statements for the authenticated user. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Person to Person Payments API retrieves extended details for a Person-to-Person Payment (Fusion DPXPay). Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Banking B2C API returns banking data for business to consumers in JSON formats. Developers can authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Retail Banking Payments API transfers funds between accounts. Developers can authenticate with OAuth to make calls that display JSON format in return. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Banking Alerts API returns alerts features to implement into banking applications. Developers can use JSON formats and authenticate with OAuth2. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Remote Deposit Capture API returns JSON data with eligible check deposit accounts for a consumer.
 The Finastra Consumer Profile API updates, deletes, creates, and retrieves alert email addresses for the account holder. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
 The Finastra Customer Internal Transfers B2C API returns JSON formats with business to consumer data. Finastra FusionFabric.cloud is an open and collaborative financial application development environment.
finastra-payment-request-for-a-customer didn't extract the description
 The SEON API provides anti-fraud protection for applications including digital fingerprints. The SEON API is available by request. Visit https://developers.seon.io/ to register for an API Key. SEON Technologies provides fraud prevention services.
microbilt-driver's-license-search didn't extract the description
 The MicroBilt Criminal Records Search API is a web service that identifies criminal records that have been aggregated and made available for online access from state departments of corrections, county and state courts, sex offender registries and more. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Bank Account Verify API is a web service that accesses over one billion ACH and check transactions on more than 100 million consumers. It helps lenders and other businesses evaluate the credit and fraud risk associated with a submitted bank account. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt SSN-Phone Verification API is a web service that verifies whether a submitted Social Security Number matches a submitted phone number. Coverage varies by State and license type. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Bank Account Search API is a web service that leverages multiple sources of data to locate and verify Bank Routing and Account Numbers associated to an individual, while only delivering accounts verified to be low risk. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt SSN-Address Verification API is a web service that verifies whether a submitted Social Security Number matches a submitted address. Coverage varies by State and license type. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Enhanced People Search API is a web service that will locate and verify current and previous addresses, phone numbers, aliases, SSN. DOB and other identifying information about an individual from public records, credit bureau data, compiled and listed telephone databases and other sources. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Bankruptcy Search API is a web service that returns bankruptcy filings on an individual or business including debtor name, address, filing information, liability amount, and more. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Phone Search API is a web service that appends landline, wireless and VOIP phone numbers as available to a submitted name and address. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt DL Format Validation API is a web service that confirms that the submitted driver’s license formatting is the correct format as stipulated for the submitted state. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
microbilt-ach-&-check-prescreen didn't extract the description
microbilt-ucc-search/report didn't extract the description
 The MicroBilt Watchlist Search API is a web service that appends any data included in OFAC/Watchlist records as matched to a submitted individual or business. Coverage varies by State and license type. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Phone-Name Verification API is a web service that verifies that a submitted phone number matches the submitted name. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Reverse Phone Search API is a web service that returns all names and addresses associated with a submitted phone number. Coverage varies by State and license type. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Professional License Search API is a web service that will verify or locate an individual’s professional licensing info for; license number, date of issuance and more. Coverage varies by State and license type. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt SSN Validation API is a web service that confirms whether or not a submitted Social Security Number is valid or invalid. Coverage varies by State and license type. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The Nordea Instant Reporting API in REST architecture uses JSON format to make callbacks and an access token to authenticate. A sandbox is available to produce APIs prior to the release cycle. Nordea is a Nordic financial services provider.
 The Nordea Credit Transfer API in REST architecture consumes JSON objects and returns responses as JSON objects. Developers can authenticate with an API Key. Nordea is a Nordic financial services provider.
 The Nordea Domestic Transfer API in REST architecture displays domestic transfer data in financial applications. Developers can authenticate with an API Key to make calls that will return JSON formats as responses. Nordea is a Nordic financial services provider.
 The MicroBilt SSN-Name Verification API is a web service that verifies whether a submitted Social Security Number matches a submitted name. Coverage varies by State and license type. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt IP Address Validation API is a web service that returns a submitted IP Address’ region, latitude and longitude, and other related attributes. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt IP NADA Vehicle Pricing API is a web service that delivers valuation data for specified used vehicles based on VIN, including vehicle make/model/body style and values for retail, trade-in and loans. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Phone-Address Verification API is a web service that verifies that a submitted home or mobile phone number matches the submitted address. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The Blossom Finance REST API enables developers to utilize blockchain based investment tools. It returns JSON formatted data for retrieving campaigns, creating an investment, listing available Smart Contracts and more. Blossom uses shariah compliant "sukuk" models, that support U.N. sustainable development goals (SDGs) to create and grow micro-enterprises aimed at poverty reduction. Blossom Finance is a sukuk blockchain that supports social impact investments for a market securities platform.
 The MicroBilt Email Search API is a web service that appends known email addresses that are associated with a submitted individual’s name and physical address. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
microbilt-address-validation-&-standardization didn't extract the description
 The MicroBilt Death Master File Validation API is a web service that confirms whether a submitted individual is listed as deceased, SSN, and in which city and state it is listed. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
 The MicroBilt Address Validation and Standardization API is a web service that checks that a submitted address matches the provided individual's name. MicroBilt's services are available for integration that utilizes HTTP APIs with XML responses. It is online access to consumer and commercial credit bureau data with automated decisioning and collection services. This includes; fraud prevention, consumer financing, debt collection, and background screening. MicroBilt provides risk management solutions for the Enterprise marketplace.
microbilt-aba-&-account-schema-verification didn't extract the description
 Cryptocurrency Alerting API enables users to track crypto & bitcoin price movements, create exchange listings alerts and monitor wallet addresses. Create powerful alerts and get notified in realtime via Webhook, SMS, Email, Telegram, Slack, Discord, Push or Phone Call.
 The FDIC Bank Data API returns bank, financial, and insurance data in JSON and CSV formats. Users can retrieve banking institution demographic and headquarter location data, plus FDIC-insured banks branches and locations and more with the API. Developers can authenticate with an API Key.
 The Interzoid Real-Time Currency Rates API delivers real-time exchange rates for major currencies around the world. Business users can integrate pricing, reporting, and financial analysis. Foreign exchange rates are updated and calculated to provide consistency with worldwide global currency trading.
 Sila provides a payments API for KYC, Bank Account, and ACH Transfers. The Sila API provides endpoints for creating and managing payment and other financial technology applications including check handles, register, check KYC, link account, get accounts, issue, transfer, redeem, get transactions and more. Sila is powered by blockchain technology.
metals- didn't extract the description
ssn-/-ein-formatter-and-validator didn't extract the description
 The World Bank Indicator API returns indicator queries about population, gross national income, and energy use in JSON and XML formats. With the API, developers can create applications targeting countries in development with data about food security, climate change, and access to energy.
 The Mutual-Fund API offers financial information associated with mutual funds. The API provides the latest Net Asset Values (NAVs) for a mutual fund or multiple mutual funds, and historical NAV values. Responses are JSON formatted.
 The Passworks API enables developers to create, manage, and distribute Apple Wallet passes. Developers can customize pass templates with their brand's look and feel, control fields present for each pass type, send pass updates in bulk or on a per pass basis, and more.
Apple Wallet passes can serve as coupons, boarding passes, student ID cards, movie tickets, public transportation tickets, store cards, and more.
 The IEX Cloud API returns financial data in JSON format. With the API, developers can integrate data about historical prices, income statements, insider transactions, IPO calendar, key stats, CEO information, cryptocurrency data, social sentiment, foreign exchange,US market volume and many other categories. IEX Cloud is a data platform for financial applications.
 The Corporate Earnings Calendar API provides JSON responses with daily earnings as reported by registered companies. Developers can include an ISO 8601 date parameter for specific dates. This API is free to use and does not require authentication; however, requests are limited to 1 query per second.
 Activeledger is a fintech platform that enables distributed ledger technologies in order to integrate with legacy systems. Activeledger seeks to adapt legacy systems to more modern solutions. The API offers connection to several transaction endpoints offered by Activeledger. JSON is the preferred response format.
 The SeedCX API returns market data, initial margins, currencies, and collateralization through their public endpoints. Orders and accounts are available via private endpoints. SeedCX uses HMAC SHA-256 verification with API Keys to make calls that display JSON in return. Seed CX is a regulated, institutional exchange and settlement platform for digital assets.
 ETNA Trading API reduces the complexity associated with online stock trading for robo-advisors and FinTech startups.
ETNA Trading API simplifies trade management for portfolio managers, robo-advisors and other FinTech firms. Configurable OMS API automates trade submissions, reporting, trade allocations and track order status, positions, and account balances. ETNA's Stock Trading API offers multi-asset trading functionality, including fractional shares trading and is seamlessly integrated.
Some of the functions are:Automate Trading OperationsMonitors and manages trading activity in real timeMaintains positionsDownloads SOD (start-of-day) files from the clearing firmReceives orders and routes them to the appropriate execution venueTracks the progress of each order through its lifecycleCalculates buying power, margin requirements and account balances of each account in real timeManages trade allocationsSends Drop Copies to all appropriate receiversUploads EOD (end-of-day) trade files to the clearing firm and reports to regulators
 The ETNA WebSockets API allows developers low latency access to streaming data. Implementing the streaming client provides pushed messages for indicating quotes, orders, positions and other events. The ETNA OMS API provides multi-asset trading functionality that supports integrating fractional shares trading. This includes functions for: Automated Trading Operations, Monitor and manage trading activity in real time, Maintain positions Downloads and more. ETNA provides a white label online trading platform for ETNA Trader, HTML5, mobile, customizable trading, disruptive pricing models and more.
 The Calcbench API returns financial, accounting, and enterprise data. Developers can authenticate with a token to make calls that will display JSON format in return. API access is not included in the standard Calcbench subscription. Contact Calcbench before developing a project.
 The Basware Network REST API provides a way to interact with a network of over a million businesses and allows you to; deliver and receive business documents, follow the life cycle of business documents by sending and receiving notifications, send and receive files related to business documents and more. Basware enables you with the ability to send and receive invoice data in JSON format. Basware is a Global leader in networked PurchaseToPay, invoicing and innovative financing services, that connects businesses globally.
 The Nationwide RP External Account API enables developers to retrieve participant retirement account balances for customers while they're using an external product.
Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States. It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications.
 The IEX Trading API returns stocks and financial data in JSONP format. Access is open and authentication is not required. With the API, developers can implement trading status, auctions, official prices, effective spreads, and volume by venues. The API includes symbols, corporate actions, and dividends as references. IEX Group is the operator of Investors Exchange (IEX), a stock exchange for U.S. equities.
 The UniBit API provides real time and historical financial data, as well as financial news. Access stock prices, company financials, insider trades, and more! UniBit provides financial data and information including real-time stock prices, real-time crypto prices, core financials and more.
 The Nationwide Telematics Connected Car API provides connected car functionality for external partners that interact with Nationwide Telematics. This API includes methods for posting and managing pre-qualified offers along with their related scores and discounts.
Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States. It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications.
 The Nationwide Quote Aggregator API is used to send in data for use by quoting systems. The payload is in ACORD format.
Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States. It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications.
 The Nationwide Renters Quote and Bind API allows developers to get a Renters quote based on personal household, property, and eligibility information.
Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States. It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications.
 The Nationwide Pet Insurance Quote API allows developers to get real-time quotes for pet insurance. The quote is created using information about the pet and pet owner and includes all relevant pricing information.
Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States. It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications.
 The Financial Modeling Prep API returns income statements, balance sheet data, cash flow statements, stock prices, cryptocurrencies, and stock market index. Financial Modeling Prep informs users about stock markets information (news, currencies and stock prices) and financial modeling methodology.
 The Nationwide Life Quote Tool Experience API enables consumers to send single emails with the details of an online quote to a set of recipients using predefined email templates through Outbound Messaging System (OMS).
Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States. It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications.
 The Nationwide Company Financial Info API enables developers to get financial information about an organization based on its ticker symbol. Available information includes company name, Fortune rank, total cash, total liabilities, number of employees, etc.
Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States. It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications.
 The ING Open Banking OAuth API provides a way for third parties to connect to ING APIs using the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization. The API supports client credentials, authorization code and refresh token. ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data. It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution, with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world.
 The ING Open Banking Payment Initiation API provides secure access to all European ING online accessible payment accounts, to create a payment initiation. ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data. It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution, with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world.
 The ING Open Banking Showcase API exposes operations on the Open Banking Platform. It shows the functionality of the platform in action on the marketplace and is accessible to internal and external applications. ING Open Banking provides a developer platform to programmatically access ING banking account data. It is open banking that supports international networking and omnichannel distribution, with the goal of contributing to a sustainable world.
ing-open-banking-confirmation-of-available-funds didn't extract the description
 Unofficial Bloomberg API helps to query for all information about Indices, Commodities, Currencies, Futures, Rates, Bonds, etc… as on official website.
 The Nationwide Auto Quote API allows users to get a rate for an auto policy based on minimal input information. Required info includes the client's personal household information (name, address, date of birth, marital status, gender, etc.), car information, and garaging address.
Nationwide offers insurance and financial services across the United States. It provides a collection of APIs that enable developers to integrate its services into third-party applications.
 The Intrinio Financial Data Platform API provides access to financial data feeds that returns data that is available for download in the CSV format. The Intrinio Data Marketplace utilizes financial data feeds sourced by proprietary processes and outside data vendors. Authentication and access to this data requires an API Key. Intrinio is a financial data marketplace that is restriction-free with self-sign up, and chat support.
 The AffiniPay Payment Gateway API in REST architecture processes payments for merchants. With the API, users can move funds between banks using accounts and routing numbers via TLS 1.2 secure data. Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses, including error information.
 The AffiniPay Merchant Application API assists in authenticating, signing up, and revoking merchant accounts. Developers can create a new application, deauthorize an OAuth application, include JSON object types, discover messages errors, and configure available Webhooks.
 The Stock News API is a simple HTTP REST API that enables you to get the latest stock news from some of the best news sources. You can use the API to get relevant video and article content from companies in the stock market. You must register for an API key in order to use this API.
Several tiers of plans are available, from free to customized plans.
 The AffiniPay Quick Bill API in REST architecture creates contacts and sends Quick Bills as invoices to process online payments. Developers will use the HTTP protocol and OAuth authentication when they work with the Quick Bill API.
 The AffiniPay Authentication API returns JSON data to authorize access to AffiniPay merchant accounts. With the API, developers can request access tokens including client ID, client secret, grant type, scope, and redirect URL, and code as parameters.
 The Kraken Websockets API provides real-time notifications with several publications including tickers, trades for a currency pair, spreads, and can be used to subscribe to a topic on a single or multiple currency pairs. All sent and received messages must be JSON formatted.
 The RapidLEI API provides a way to register and issue accredited LOU/LEI Legal Entity Identifiers. The API allows you to integrate LEI registration and issuance into applications and workflows that includes; Create New LEI, Import Existing LEI, Check LEI Order Status and more. RapidLEI is a Ubisecure GLEIF accredited service that automates the LEI creation process to deliver and issue LEIs to legal entities.
 The TrueLayer Authentication API provides access to customer authentication and client authorization. This service is authentication for access to TrueLayer account data that allows you to access financial data on the customer’s behalf, using OAuth 2.0. The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial services products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications.
 The Plaid Webhooks API provides notifications for Transactions, Item, Income and Assets. The Plaid API allows developers to integrate transaction and account data from most major financial institutions into third party applications. Plaid provides services to empower innovators by delivering access to financial systems.
 The TrueLayer Payments API is a Restful service that is currently in Beta. It provides a way to initiate a payment transaction for customers to transfer funds directly to your bank account in order to receive money instantly. The Payments API enables you to create and query payment resources, requiring an access token for authorization. You will need to get specific permission assigned in order to make a call to the Payments API. TrueLayer allows applications to connect securely with a customers bank to read their financial data or initiate payments using the Open Banking APIs for all available banks. The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial service products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications.
 The TrueLayer Data API is a Restful service that provides a way to retrieve personal information, account numbers and transaction data. All endpoints require authorization using an access token, with responses returned in JSON format. TrueLayer allows applications to connect securely with a customers bank to read their financial data or initiate payments using the Open Banking APIs for all available banks. The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial service products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications.
 The TrueLayer Status API provides the availability and error rates of the TrueLayer Data API. It retrieves Data API status, grouped by hour, provider and endpoint with responses that are JSON formatted. TrueLayer allows applications to connect securely with a customers bank to read their financial data or initiate payments using the Open Banking APIs for all available banks. The TrueLayer infrastructure supports tools to integrate financial services products and banking systems with various financial institutions and third party applications.
 The CoinGecko API enables live cryptocurrency and cryptoexchanges data. The API provides trading volume, pricing, tickers, exchanges, historical data, coin information, and global markets. Over 4,000 cryptoassets and 300 cryptoexchanges are available. This data is delivered in JSON format, and is limited to 100 requests per minute.
 The TazWorks CreditConnect API provides a RESTfull interface to interact with and gain access to Experian credit reports. This includes JSON formatted data for; Resellers, Users, Background results and more. To obtain an API Key and set up an account, it is required that you provide the IP Addresses that will be accessing the CreditConnect API, as it utilizes IP Address Whitelisting and HTTP Basic Authentication. CreditConnect provides hosted solutions with the tools to add Experian Connect capabilities to existing platforms. TazWorks is background screening software for employment, tenant, drug screening and more.
 The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes; List Clerks, List Merchants, Lookup Customer, Lookup Cart and more. It is a Rest service that requires an API key with content that is returned in JSON format. It is recommended to use your own ‘start of day’ and ‘end of day’ times with all timestamps returned in UNIX time format. PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology, to emerging and under-served markets globally.
 This service offers Webhook functionality for all transaction types for the PayJoy Retail Partner API. To receive webhooks, a URL must be configured in the admin console. The PayJoy Retail Partner API provides access to flexible queries of PayJoy data that includes; List Clerks, List Merchants, Lookup Customer, Lookup Cart and more. PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology, to emerging and under-served markets globally.
 The PayJoy Lock API is a Rest service that allows you to return information about a device, claim a registered device, update the device expiration and more. This is a PayJoy device locking service for finance partners that have their own registration, checkout, and underwriting process as opposed to the PayJoy checkout and underwriting process. When partners call the Lock API it provides a way to control specific devices; whose changes are propagated from PayJoy servers to the device asynchronously. The API includes anti-fraud techniques such as anti-rooting/jailbreaking and anti-SIM/PN swapping and allows you to; register and take ownership of a device, lock a device at a particular time if payment is not made and permanently unlock a device after it is fully paid. PayJoy provides access to consumer finance and smartphone technology, to emerging and under-served markets globally.
 Daneel is a blockchain news curation API that developers can use to return the sentiment for a cryptocurrency. The sentiment is calculated by analyzing different sources of information including Twitter, Reddit, Bitcoin talk, News and Facebook (coming soon). API methods are available to retrieve market news, score, price, sentiment, and trends.
bank-of-scotland-open-data didn't extract the description
 The Earthport Webhooks API is used to send account-related event notifications to the specified endpoint. This API is useful to alert when deposits are made to an account or when payments are returned. Earthport is a payment processing platform which allows for fast, cheap and transparent cross-border payments. The API uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication. The supported media type is JSON.
 The Earthport API offers a payment processing platform which allows for fast, cheap and transparent cross-border payments. The API has a REST architecture and offers endpoints used to access balances, quotes, statements, users, and transactions. The API uses OAuth 2.0 for authentication. The supported media type is JSON.
 The Nordic API Gateway allows you to connect to all Nordic banks.
With this API, you can connect your applications to users' bank accounts from all Nordic banks to create simple solutions for the future. The API can be used for account aggregation, transaction categorization and new payment initiatives that will benefit both you and your customers. This provides you with valuable data capture that’s easy to build on top of allowing you to focus on creating new digital services.
Registration is required to view the documentation. All endpoints require partner authentication via headers containing your Client ID and Client Secret. You also must acquire an API key
 FXMarketAPI is a REST API with both live and historical currency exchange rates. The API's data is accessed with an API key with the response as a JSON object. Examples in PHP (CURL), Python and jQuery are also available. This is not a broker feed as the data is sourced from an aggregated feed of institutional providers of currently traded rates that are used by banks globally. FXMarketAPI provides an institutional quality currency exchange rates API for developers, that accesses historical exchange rates for 40+ Currencies that are delivered in Real-Time.
 TheRockTrading Market API allows you to you Get all trades, Get all currencies info, Get single currency info, Get all funds and more. TheRockTrading is full featured digital institution incorporated in Europe that specializes in math currencies. They provide a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows you to trade different crypto currencies and tokens.
 TheRockTrading Trading API allows you to access user trades, cancel orders, place orders, and more. TheRockTrading is full featured digital institution incorporated in Europe that specializes in math currencies. They provide a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows you to trade different crypto currencies and tokens.
 The TradeStation API returns JSON formats with trading and stocks data. A simulator is available to explore API behavior, test apps and websites, and host trading and games. TradeStation provides online brokerage services.
 TheRockTrading Margin Trading API allows you to you borrow money to buy or sell on trades for more money than you have. It is not recommended to use margin trading unless you are an experienced trader. Only partial funds and currency pairs are enabled for margin trading, with the possibility of each having different leverage levels. The Some features include; the ability open an order, list positions, check status, check a specifics, close at market, list main positions, transfer balance and more. TheRockTrading is full featured digital institution incorporated in Europe that specializes in math currencies. They provide a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows you to trade different crypto currencies and tokens.
 TheRockTrading Websocket public API uses WebSockets to access data that is available from TheRockTrading service. It is a WebSocket feed that provides real time market data, information about trades, order books and more. TheRockTrading is full featured digital institution incorporated in Europe that specializes in math currencies. They provide a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows you to trade different crypto currencies and tokens.
eod-historical-data-live/realtime-stock-prices didn't extract the description
 The EOD Historical Data Stock Price Data API returns JSON and CSV formats with the end of day historical data of the stock market. Developers can authenticate with an API token. EOD Historical Data provides historical prices and fundamental financial data services.
 The EOD Historical Data Upcoming Earnings API returns JSON and CSV formats with financial calendar data. Developers can implement earnings, initial public offerings (IPOs), and splits. EOD Historical Data provides historical prices and fundamental financial data services.
 The Visa Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry API retrieves payment account data. The API sends requests and returns responses about transfers in JSON or XML format.
 The Spotware Connect Trading Open API allows access to account information for trading history, positions, pending order, permissions to trade, Send market orders, pending orders and more. cTrader provides Forex platforms for traders that is developed by Spotware Systems.
 We are a national, full-service credit reporting agency certified as a re-seller for Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. We offer a suite of automated API’s for industries requiring credit data. With an impressive portfolio of data products and services, we can satisfy the most challenging consumer lending and credit requirements all backed by decades of knowledge and experience in the credit reporting and software industries. Interested developers can contact the provider for a consultation and API and documentation access.
 The Spotware Connect Accounts Open API allows you to get information about Trading account details, trading and cash-flow history, available symbols and more. cTrader provides Forex platforms for traders that is developed by Spotware Systems.
 The PayJoy API returns JSON data with payments, finance orders, partner contracts, amounts, currency, and client data. API Key is required to authenticate. Visit https://www.payjoy.com/about/ to learn more about PayJoy. PayJoy partners with financial institutions and retailers around the world to get customers access to credit. PayJoy is offered globally.
 The Spotware 2.0 Open API is a Protocol Buffer based service that allows third-party service providers with the ability to integrate tools and applications for trading and analysis. This service provides access to the Spotware platform for data and functionality that includes all the required cTID data, market data and all possible trading operations on behalf of other cTrader users. It is designed to use protocol buffers to retrieve accounts information, market data, and trading data. This open API has no restrictions and it is supported by cTrader broker trading. cTrader provides Forex platforms for traders that is developed by Spotware Systems.
 The Live Market API offers real-time market data from 10,000 assets including cryptocurrencies, commodities, major indices, ETFs, Forex, and stocks. The API has a REST architecture and returns information in JSON format.
longhorn-by-bullpay didn't extract the description
 The Intrinio Financial Data API provides programmatic access to more than 200 financial data feeds. These feeds cover hundreds of fundamental ratios and metrics, including intraday and historical stock prices and standardized US company fundamentals. This API is RESTful and provides responses in JSON format. Developers will need to sign up to get an API key.
 AMFI is a nodal association of mutual funds across India. AMFI provides useful knowledge and insights regarding mutual funds and investments. For more information, visit https://www.amfiindia.com/.
This is a Node.js + Express API that tries to scrape what it can out of the AMFI daily text based data sources.
 The e-Khalti Payments API allows developers to integrate online payments into their websites and mobile applications. e-Khalti is your e-currency, e-wallet and online payment gateway platform. e-Khalti is a mobile digital wallet for an instant, secure and hassle-free online payments.
 The solarisBank API returns Digital Banking responses in JSON format. With the API, developers can implement customer identification, account management, and payment methods. Information available in English and German. solarisBank provides APIs for developers to create fully licensed state of the art financial solutions.
 The Unofficial Yahoo Finance API queries information about finance summary, stocks, quotes, and movers based on Yahoo Finance website. Developers can sign up for an API Key and make API calls with by using seven different programming languages and testing with cURL.
 The Blockstream Satellite API is currently in Beta and is utilizing Lightning Testnet method for payment. The Blockstream RESTful Satellite API responds with a JSON object and allows you to submit messages for broadcast, that support broadcasting secure messaging, alternative blockchains, a global podcast and more. It provides a way to create applications that broadcast messages globally using the Blockstream Satellite network. It is open for anyone to integrate the API into existing applications or build new services that can send both encrypted and unencrypted data. The Blockstream Satellite network broadcasts the Bitcoin blockchain for free. Blockstream aims to reduce reliance on trust, by providing global Bitcoin and blockchain technology for financial markets.
 The PayCore Public API is a payment infrastructure-as-a-service that follows the JSON:API specification. Developers can access payment providers, payment methods, currencies, customer information, rate schemes, payment schemes, and more. The API integrates payment providers from around the world into one hub in order to offer different payment options such as credit cards, e-wallets, and bank transfers. The Public API requires API Keys for authentication and requires the use of the JSON:API media type (application/vnd.api+json) for exchanging data.
 The Nomics API is an enterprise-grade developer tool for funds, family offices, enterprises, and fintech developers. Our API enables programmatic access to clean, normalized, and gapless primary source trade data across a number of cryptocurrency exchanges.  Instead of having to integrate with multiple exchange APIs of varying quality, you can get everything through one screaming fast fire hose. If you found that you or your developer have to spend too much time cleaning up and maintaining datasets, instead of identifying opportunities, or if you’re tired of interpolated data and want raw primary source trades delivered simply and consistently with top-notch support and SLAs, then check us out here. One notable difference between Nomics’ API and competition is that the Nomics product has no rate limits.
 The SynapseFi API returns banking and financial data including bank account, deposit account details, and domestic and international wire sources. The API uses a REST architecture, HTTP verbs, and JSON responses. Synapse Financial Technologies provides APIs and a banking infrastructure for building FinTech applications.
 The Alpaca Paper Trading API is used during the software development process, to test the algorithms in a simulated environment. This API is a Alpaca platform Broker Functions service for Paper trading, that is a real-time simulation environment to test your code. The Broker Functions side behaves like the live account except the orders aren’t routed to real exchanges. Alpaca provides a way to build and trade with real-time market data for free.
 The StellarExpert Explorer API returns analytics and statistical data for the Stellar Network, accessing information from payments' systems and banks' connections. Stellar is a non-profit open financial platform designed to promote global financial access.
 Upvest provides powerful APIs to interact with major open-source blockchains to help developers build blockchain applications faster, cheaper and more reliable. Interested developers can register for more information.
Upvest integrates blockchain protocols into their tech stack and exposes access to the functionality of those protocols to their tenants via an easy-to-use and documented set of API calls. The Upvest API is the customer (tenant) and end-user (client) facing product. It validates incoming transaction requests and passes them on for processing as well as steering the response back to the requesting entity (in this case the requesting user’s browser).
 The BBVA Consumer API provides account data for non-commercial customers. This API is used to create a consumer record which can be associated with Account Origination, Card Issuance and Move Money services. Additionally, this API validates a customer by taking their identifiable information. The API has a REST architecture with OAuth 2.0 used for authentication.
 The BBVA Nonconsumer API allows developers to manage account data associated with corporations, partnerships, sole proprietors, nonprofits, and other nonpersonal accounts. Move Money, Account Origination and Card Issuance services are all available to records created by the Nonconsumer API. The API has a REST architecture with OAuth 2.0 used for authentication.
 The BBVA Move Money API transfers money from a US bank account to another eligible US bank account or card in a single transaction. The API supports US-domiciled checking or savings accounts. Also, the API can be used to make payments from any Compass Bank demand deposit account to any Visa or MasterCard debit card, or reloadable Visa or MasterCard prepaid card, issued in the US. The API has a REST architecture with OAuth 2.0 used for authentication.
 The CSIbridge Loans API allows developers to automate the process of booking loans, including creating a new loan, retrieving information, and performing a funds transfer.
CSIbridge provides financial institutions with secure, audited access to financial data and capabilities via its APIs.
 The Cashplus Payment API allows you to initiate single and batch domestic payments in GBP currency. These Restful Payment API endpoints, provide a way to initiate, approve or reject, and submit payments with requests and responses that use a UTF-8 character encoding. This API supports JSON and features the ability to; create a single payment, submit a payment, create a batch payment, approve or reject a payment and more. Cashplus is a digital provider of real-time financial services that are unlike traditional banks.
 BlockMarkets API provides real-time and historical market data from the leading global cryptocurrency exchanges, including tick data, USD spot rates, OHLCV, and VWAP from 2010 for over 500 cryptoassets. The API provides JSON formatted responses and requires an API key. A free plan is available.
 The CSIbridge Time Deposit API allows developers to get information on time deposit accounts (CDs and IRAs) including customers related to those accounts.
CSIbridge provides financial institutions with secure, audited access to financial data and capabilities via its APIs.
capital-one-sign-in didn't extract the description
verify-with-capital-one didn't extract the description
 The Capital One Virtual Card Numbers API returns JSON data to simulate the use of a virtual card number instead of a physical card. Developers can acces the virtual card details and retrieve the virtual card status.
sign-up-with-capital-one didn't extract the description
 The Capital One Money Movement API returns JSON data to create, and update customer transfers between Capital One accounts or between Capital One and non-Capital One accounts. OAuth is required to authenticate.
 The Transbank Onepay API is a Chilean payment processing platform designed to simplify mobile transactions by integrating wallet functionalities. The API supports transaction management, and credential management. This API has a REST architecture, and each request must be authenticated with an API Key. Requests and responses need to be JSON formatted.
 Blend is a technology provider for brokers and loan teams. Blend offers tools that shorten loan cycles, and integrates intelligent conditioning which automatically requests financial data such as bank statements, business license, and credit checks. Current wholesale lenders can extend their brand digitally and improve efficiency. The API is accessible indirectly with the provided Go SDK.
 FINBOURNE LUSID is an advanced financial platform designed to improve usability, and simplify integration with current and legacy systems. LUSID is a REST-based OAuth 2.0 interface with JSON requests/responses used to access transactions, instruments, portfolios, holdings, and entity properties. Data provided by LUSID is segregated at the client level.
 Cryptoapis.io is a mostly RESTful JSON API for interacting with blockchains. Crypto APIs provides interoperability, through a coherent and advanced integration, with our all-in-one platform for crypto exchange market data and powerful blockchain endpoints.
 The Bread API returns JSON data and requires API Key to integrate payment options for eCommerce clients. With the API, developers can include a Bread button that allows customers to apply for credit products in a checkout flow, similar to applying for a loan for shopping online. Transaction and cart management also available. Bread helps retailers offer pay-over-time solutions. Bread is part of Cross River Bank, a New Jersey bank.
 The Modulr API provides a sandbox to produce a financial integration environment before app release. The API is REST, offers JSON format and token to authenticate. Modulr based in London, is an automatic payout enterprise. The API includes methods for managing payments, rules, accounts, and direct debits.
reloadly-top-up didn't extract the description
 The Stronghold Utilities API provides a way to retrieve the server time, to 'ping' the Stronghold Platform and measure latency, Generate an RFC UUID. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The Stronghold Venues API retrieves the venues with credential access that includes; capabilities: as each venue differs in protocol and context, not all Platform APIs are supported on all venues. Stronghold provides access to USD payments, and blockchain trading APIs. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The Stronghold Payments API provides a way to list available payment methods for an account, initiate a payment, retrieve details for a specific payment, stop or cancel an in progress payment and includes; List payment methods, Initiate payment, Get payment and more. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The Stronghold Know Your Customer Profiles API provides a way to verify customer identities for compliance. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The Stronghold Assets API retrieves a list of known assets for the current venue for Get assets. Stronghold provides access to USD payments, and blockchain trading APIs. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The Stronghold Anchor API service allows methods for moving funds in and out of the venue. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The Stronghold Quotes API provides a way to generate a Stronghold quote. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The Stronghold Trade API provides a way to retrieve a list of the markets on the venue, retrieve the orderbook for a given market, retrieve a list of historic trades for a given market and includes; List markets, Get market order book, List market trades, Place order and more. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The Stronghold Accounts API allows you to create a new account in the specified venue. Stronghold provides access to USD payments, and blockchain trading APIs. Stronghold is an altcoin exchange platform that provides the ability to trade cryptocurrencies with relatively fast transactions and minimal fees that is built on the Stellar network. Stronghold also operates an over-the-counter trading desk for large block trading and currently supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Mobius (MOBI) and Lumens (XLM).
 The Companies House API and Developer Hub enable applications to search and retrieve company data about companies in the United Kingdom. Data includes U.K. company names, addresses, officers, insolvency, disqualifications statements, and other data about 3 million companies registered. This API is currently at a beta release. Companies House is an executive agency, sponsored by the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy, GOV.UK
 The Switch Cardsavr service is a card-on-file API that allows you to help cardholders update their new or reissued cards anywhere their payments are made online. Switch provides solutions to make online purchasing simple, by storing information for multiple websites, credit cards, and people. The Switch app collects different types of sensitive information, including: Credit card numbers, Website login and password, Email addresses, Mailing addresses and more. Switch will update this information across numerous websites with a focus on security.
stronghold-identity-&-access-management didn't extract the description
 MarketFactory provides software-as-a-service to currency markets. The MarketFactory Whisperer API connects to over 80 ECN/Bank/Non-Bank FX venues for market data, trading and market making. With one connection, a customer can get the best prices, view all liquidity and make markets. Market data and orders are normalized between all FX venues in a 3-20 microsecond range. Additionally, hosting is available in all four major datacenters: NY4, LD4, TY3 and CME Aurora, and the API can be integrated using C++, C#, Java or SBE.
 The Dream Payments API provides a programmatic interface for insurers to manage payment recipients and issue digital claims payments. The API allows you to; Integrate digital claims payments directly into your existing claims system, Integrate vendor payments directly into your vendor management system, Pull digital payment data directly into your financial reconciliation processes and more. Developers can create applications to accept payments, anywhere with Dream Payments mobile commerce solutions to process and build a customer payment experience. Dream Payments is a technology company that provides cloud payment solutions to financial institutions and insurance companies, enabling them to provide digital and mobile payment experiences to end customers.
 The Vectorspace AI Trending Popularity API returns JSON data with trending cryptocurrencies, global trends, concepts or topics, powered by AI. Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 The Vectorspace AI API returns JSON data with a summary of cryptocurrency news, whitepapers, websites or any other context with optional context control, powered by AI.
 The Vectorspace AI Correlated Cryptocurrencies API returns JSON data and accepts a URL, global trend, concept, keyword or any text in JSON format to get related cryptocurrencies based on an algorithm used for uncovering hidden relationships in data. Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 The First Data Marketplace API allows you to use the First Data payments ecosystem and infrastructure. The URI paths use built-in HTTP authentication that provides secure access to data entities. This API uses HTTP requests with standard methods like GET and POST, parsing responses that are returned in JSON format. This includes; Products, Pricing, Merchandise, Orders, Contracts and more. First Data offers an account creation and boarding platform to make payment transactions secure, fast and easy for merchants, financial institutions and their customers.
 The Vectorspace AI Hidden Relationships API returns JSON data with a basket of cryptocurrencies or stocks with known and hidden relationships, powered by AI. Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 The Vectorspace AI Correlated Stocks API returns JSON data and accepts a URL, global trend, concept, keyword or any text in JSON format to get related stocks based on an algorithm used for uncovering hidden relationships in data. Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 The CloudWalk API allows developers to access all the functionalities of the CloudWalk platform. CloudWalk is a transparent yet secure payment platform. The API enables applications to perform CRUD operations for payments functions.
 Worlds Most Reliable Data. The Fastest Updates in the Industry, with Data you can not find anywhere!!!
We Provide real time historical UNIQUE data on all S&P 500, Dow Jones, and Nasdaq components that will give your business another edge over competitors. HADE Platform has Millions of data points in over 100,000 categories that go well beyond the three basic financial statement data you can’t find elsewhere. We provide raw collected data, with updates upon company release.
 The RapidRatings Risk Management API allows ratings to be pulled immediately by portfolio or RRID using a simple REST service that returns JSON. This includes the most recent three periods, or recent report, of batch data transfer for FHR, Core Health Score, 1 Year Probability of Default and more. RapidRatings enables access to financial health data from thousands of suppliers and vendors. The RapidRatings API allows businesses to pull Financial Health System data directly into their ERP systems and internal databases for delivery of financial health analysis. It is real-time delivery of critical data and financial analytics to enhance risk management efforts. RapidRatings platform provides analysis of financial health for public and private companies that is predictive insights for third-party partners, suppliers, vendors, customers and securities issuers.
 The Vectorspace AI API returns JSON data with cryptocurrency's global trends, concepts and topics, powered by AI. Learn more at https://vectorspace.ai/assets/Vectorspace_Whitepaper.pdf
 The Barclays Consent API allows you to manage the authorization given to Third Party Providers (TPPs) to receive payments or access transaction history from Barclays customer accounts. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Barclays Product Details API allows users to discover various financial products Barclays offers. From personal accounts to SME lending products, business current accounts to commercial credit cards, users can view current product details. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Barclays Payment Initiation API allows you to initiate a single and immediate non-mandated funds transfer. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Barclays Branch Locator API enables users to locate all Barclays branches throughout the UK. Using longitudinal and latitudinal data, users can find the location of the branch, the opening hours and the facilities available at each individual branch. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Barclays Account and Transactions API allow you to retrieve account information for Barclays customers. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Barclays ATM Finder API allows users to locate all Barclays Automated Teller Machines across the UK. Users will be able to view the town, street name and postcode the ATM is located on and the services available at each individual machine. Barclays provides transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment banking services in the UK and US.
 The Live-Rates API returns filtered Forex rates in JSON and XML formats. Rates are updated in real-time; each currency pair includes the timestamp when it was updated. This platform is intended for integrating with eCommerce systems, brokerages, and casinos.
 The Wyre API is a REST service that supports wire transfers, mass international payouts, cryptocurrency wallet management, and virtual banking services for your personal or enterprise needs. It uses HTTPS response codes and returns all error responses in JSON that enables conversions of large volumes between currencies. It provides a way for developers to manage on boarding users compliantly, connecting customers bank accounts, and more. It allows you to convert large volumes between currencies with minimal movement from the market price. Wyre provides a crypto infrastructure for business and teams that want to build payment solutions.
 The Lifeguard API is a REST interface that allows integration with transaction and account data from major insurance institutions. Connected third-party applications can retrieve merchant names, street addresses, geo-coordinates, categories, and more. JSON is the preferred response format. Developers need to request a developer API Key.
 The Xtremcoin API returns information related to cryptocurrency tickers, currency pairs, and open orders. Data is returned in JSON format. This platform supports Bitcoin, BitcoinCash, Litecoin, Ethereum, and Ripple. Xtremcoin accepts Turkish Lira, USD and EURO. Xtremcoin is a Turkish provider of cryptocurrency and financial services.
 Worlds Most Reliable Data. The Fastest Updates in the Industry, with Data you can not find anywhere!!! We Provide real time historical UNIQUE data on all S&P 500, Dow Jones, and Nasdaq components that will give your business another edge over competitors. HADE Platform has Millions of data points in over 100,000 categories that go well beyond the three basic financial statement data you can’t find elsewhere. Visualization, Charting & Analytics API
Use our plug and go solution for charting, analyzing, and visualizing third party and our exclusive data instead of building or using your own solution. We will also custom build a solution for your business to interact with data.
Branded Research Reports API
Generate the most thorough stock research reports in the industry, in real-time with the click of a button. Brand and customize the reports to your investment firm to increase customer retention rates, upsell more ideas, and convert new customers.
AI Technology API
Integrate machine learning algorithms that analyze more than 1,000 slow and fast data metrics to predict future earnings with 63% greater precision than Wall Street consensus estimates and predict multi-year outlooks for important metrics like Apple’s iPhone unit sales, Amazon AWS revenue, Facebook MAUs, etc.
 The Amatino API provides a way to store, organize, and retrieve financial data. This API can store transactions, generate balance sheets, perform foreign currency conversions, apply fine grained permissions, and more. Data is stored in a chosen nearest location which allows for minimum latency. The Amatino API returns data in JSON format.
 The CoinMarketCap Professional API is a suite of high-performance RESTful JSON endpoints designed to meet the demands of application developers, data scientists, and enterprise business platforms. It returns data for cryptocurrencies, cryptocurrency exchanges and aggregate market data that includes services for; cryptocurrency, exchange, global-metrics, and tools. CoinMarketCap is cryptocurrency market cap rankings, charts, and more.
 The Kuveyt Turk Funds API enables developers to easily list deposit account types, to calculate deposit rates, and to buy and sell FX currencies and precious metals. This API is coming soon. Documentation is not yet publicly available. Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services.
 The Kuveyt Turk Information Services API gives users access to a collection of information services, including ATM and XTM locations, branch locations, and FX rates. Developers can use this API to add financial information services to their apps. Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services.
 The CapitalOne Virtual Card Numbers API returns JSON data with simulated virtual card numbers. With the API, developers can create a virtual card, replace a physical card, retrieve virtual card details, and report merchant activity by initiating production in the sandbox. OAuth2 is required to authenticate.
 The Kuveyt Turk Derivatives API is a sharia-compliant service that mitigates risks associated with derivatives. This API is coming soon. Documentation is not yet publicly available. Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services.
 The Kuveyt Turk Virtual POS API gives developers full control over their virtual POS and allows them to monitor all transactions that occur there. This API is coming soon. Documentation is not yet publicly available. Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services.
 The Kuveyt Turk Payments API enables users to pay the majority of utility companies in Turkey. The provider has partnered with more than 100 companies, including water, electric, gas, and GSM. This API is still in Beta, and it's request and response models may change over time. Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services.
 The Kuveyt Turk Money Transfers API allows users to send and receive money. Money transfers are free to any bank for Kuveyt Turk customers within the daily transaction limits. Developers can use this API to create apps that can send money within Kuveyt Turk or other banks. Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services.
kuveyt-turk-loans/financing didn't extract the description
 The Kuveyt Turk MoneyGram API enables users to send money either online or in person to more than 200 countries and territories, including Germany, Afghanistan, and American Samoa. Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services.
 The Kuveyt Turk Credit Cards API allows developers to perform credit card operations for both physical and virtual cards. This API is still in Beta, and its request and response models may change over time. Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services.
 The Kuveyt Turk Accounts API enables the developer's customers to list their accounts, check their balances, and check their account activities. By default, API requests for account transaction information will retrieve the last 7 days of activity. Data can be retrieved up to a year back. Kuveyt Turk is a Turkish provider of financial products and services.
 The Switcheo Exchange API provides trading and ticker endpoints that allows access to Switcheo Network trading on the V1.5 exchange contract. The Switcheo API uses REST architecture with requests and responses in JSON format. It provides exchange history, statistics and other data and can be used to execute trades. This API includes services for; Tickers, Offers, Trades, Deposits, Withdrawals, Orders, Balances, and more. Switcheo is a global multi chain decentralized exchange.
 Global FinCharts offers historical currency exchange rates and conversions provided by over 20 sources. For enterprise members, the API offers Push notifications. FinCharts provides JSON data, and JSONP callbacks are available for CORS support. Developers can get a free API Key with a trial membership; this plan supports up to 1,000 monthly calls, and offers full SSL security, live updates, and more.
 Hydrogen Atom allows developers to build powerful digital savings, investing, insurance, and wellness applications.With this API you can interface with support tickets, FAQs, and chat, and manage marketing campaigns. The Hydrogen Atom houses 3 REST APIs - Nucleus, Proton and Electron.
The Nucleus API provides core digital infrastructure to anchor your fintech application. This includes client and account onboarding, authentication, goals, investments, performance, and questionnaires.
The Proton API provides financial engineering to power your fintech application. This includes risk scoring, goals tracking, simulations, financial planning, financial health, insurance calculations, and portfolio rebalancing.
The Electron API provides functionality to manage and grow your fintech application.
 The Hydro API enables applications to interface with Hydro’s smart contracts. All Hydrogen APIs are built on REST principles, with resource-oriented URLs and HTTP response codes. All API responses are returned in JSON format.
Within the Hydro API, we have several modular layers of blockchain functionality. You may use some or all of these, per the needs of your application. Raindrop focuses on security through blockchain-based authentication. It provides a server-side authentication protocol for databases, APIs, and large systems, as well as a client-side multi-factor authentication protocol for individual user accounts. Snowflake, Ice, Tide, and Mist are coming soon. Snowflake focuses on an identity management solution to provide transparency in data management and ownership. Ice brings transparency and validity to the financial document and contract signing process by recording document-related events on the blockchain. Tide enhances traditional payments and transfers by linking them with conditions enforced by smart contracts. Mist brings AI-based insights to blockchain-enabled financial platforms to empower financial services with robust data science.
 Meniga offers SDKs that connect third-party applications with a digital banking and marketing platform. Meniga provides tools that facilitate personal finance, business finance, card-linked offers, and consumer analytics. This platform is focused on delivering increased consumer engagement, and new business models for data-driven banking solutions. Meniga is a fintech firm based in Iceland.
 The Nordea Accounts API returns account data in JSON format to implement into banking applications. Developers can use the sandbox before producing live, authenticate with OAuth2, and access Swagger files. Coming up FX & Money Market API.
 The Nordea Payments API returns payments data in JSON format to implement into banking applications. Developers can use the sandbox, authenticate with OAuth2, and access Swagger files. Nordea aims to be one of the largest banks in Europe.
 Erste Group Netbanking API is a REST service that provides access to user and accounting data of Česká spořitelna customers. It allows you to list and read data about a client's products and more. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Erste Group Personal Accounts API is a REST service that provides access to user and accounting data of Ceska Sporitelna customers. It allows you to list and read data about a client's products that includes services for; Accounts, Cards, Building Savings, Pensions and more. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Erste Group Know Your Customer API is a REST service that provides verification of Ceska Sporitelna customers. It allows you to verify a user by bank that includes services for; Profile and Healthcheck. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Erste Group Transparent Accounts API provides a REST interface with access to information about Česká spořitelna. It allows access to user and accounting data of Erste Bank customers that includes services for; the list of available transparent accounts, transparent accounts and transactions on them, detail of a specific transparent account and more. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Erste Group Mortgage calculator API provides a REST with access to basic mortgage calculations of Česká spořitelna. This includes services to retrieve validation criteria for mortgage loan calculation. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 Crypto exchanges have an awful tendency to use non-standardized symbols, such as "DRK" for "DASH". CryptoStandardizer provides a way to standardize those symbols and ensure your system's stability.
 The Erste Group Places API provides a REST interface to access to Česká spořitelna, POI location information. This includes services for; Places, Branches, ATM's and more. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Erste Group Exchange Rates API provides a REST interface that allows access to currently valid and historical exchange rates for the previous 2 years. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Erste Group Corporate Accounts API is a REST interface to access bank corporate accounts and data of the authenticated user. This includes services for; Companies, Company data, Passive transactions and more. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Erste Group Accounts API provides a paginated list of client's accounts that contains unique id to be used as an URI reference. This includes services for; Account balance, List accounts, List account transactions and more. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The Erste Group Basic Payment API provides a listing of the client's payment accounts that are normally available for TPPs with AISP license. This includes services for; Account balance check, Payments, Payments Authorization and more. The Erste Group is a banking service provider in Central and Eastern Europe.
 Ontology is a provider of public blockchains that can be customized for different industries. Ontology is a fintech firm that provides several infrastructure modules required by distributed data exchange protocols, and digital identity frameworks. Ontology employs the account balance type of smart contract assets. The API returns JSON data related to transactions, block by block height and more. This is a REST-based API that accepts CRUD operations.
 Suretly is a "crowdvouching" platform that connects lenders, borrowers, and vouchers. The premise is: vouchers act as a collective mind in order to determine if a loan is approved or not. This protects lenders by eliminating default risk, and decreasing interest rates for borrowers. This secure form of borrowing/lending allows for international transactions.
 The Kontomatik Lending API returns lending banking data by using HTTP GET requests and HTTP basic auth and Key as the authentication methods. Data returned includes immediate calculations, displaying raw data, and including aggregated financial values. It works with screen-scrapped data and parsed PDF data. The API is not part of the standard offer. For additional info, contact@kontomatik.com
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Commodity News API provides news and social media posts related to all major commodities. Data is available in JSON, CSV, and XML. InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, and quantitative modelling.
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Forex News API offers access to social media posts and news articles related to hundreds of currency pairs. Data is available in JSON, CSV, and XML. InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, and quantitative modelling.
 The Datamolino API allows you to integrate Datamolino's invoice OCR data capture service and invoice data extraction directly into your software or custom company process. Developers can integrate the service providing users with touch-less invoice data capture directly into third-party applications.
You will need to contact info@datamolino.com to register for an API Key in order to use this API.
Datamolino provides automated real-time bookkeeping automation for accounting firms using Xero and Quickbooks. Datamolino Apps are available on iTunes and Google Play.
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Stock Sentiment API offers access to news and social media sentiment data for over 70,000 stock tickers. The API supports quoted, unquoted companies, and the corresponding indexes. Data goes back 15 years. This API returns JSON, CSV or XML formatted data. InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, and quantitative modelling.
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Commodity Sentiment API provides sentiment data for all major commodities (since 2013). The API returns JSON, CSV or XML formatted data. InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, and quantitative modelling.
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Stock News API offers access to news and social media information (15 years or newer) for over 70,000 stock tickers. The API offers updated data formatted in JSON, CSV or XML. InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, and quantitative modelling.
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Crypto Sentiment API returns news and social media sentiment data for all actively traded crypto currencies. The API supports volume, buzz, and other indicators returned in JSON, CSV or XML. InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, and quantitative modelling.
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Crypto News API offers access to actively traded crypto currencies (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and more). The API offers updated data formatted in JSON, CSV or XML. InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, and quantitative modelling.
 The InfoTrie FinSentS Forex Sentiment API returns news and social media sentiment data for hundreds of currency pairs. The API supports volume, buzz, and other indicators in JSON, CSV or XML formatted data. InfoTrie is a consulting and financial engineering firm headquartered in Singapore that provides services related to information systems, artificial intelligence, financial engineering, and quantitative modelling.
 The YNAB API is a REST based design service with a JSON data format that allows you to interact with your YNAB budget data. Various use cases may include; email a summary of category balances, send a text message to manage spending, place a transaction and specify a payee, use devices to get notices for category balances, design creative alerts and more. You Need A Budget provides services that inspire you to get out of debt and save money.
 The US Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ensures that borrowers are treated fairly by banks, lenders, and other financial institutions. The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) API allows you to build tools for accessing the HMDA public data.
 The Intrinio US ETF Holdings API offers a data feed on all the holdings for all ETFs within the United States. Developers can access constituent names, tickers, and weight percentages. Data is available in JSON and CSV. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The PelicanPay TPP API is Pan-European API Interoperability that enables third party providers with the ability to connect with any ASPSP across Europe, for Payment Initiation and Account Information services. This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format. The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts. PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions, and a financial crime compliance platform for fintechs and third party providers for onboarding and global payments processing.
 The PelicanPay Fintech API is an OpenBanking Hub that enables access to pan-European PSD2 Payment Initiation and Account Information solutions for Fintechs. This allows you to consume Open Banking or PSD2 functionality from several banks in Europe. This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format. The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts. PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions, and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing.
 The PelicanPay Bank API is an integrated API framework to handle requests to ASPSPs from AISPs/PISPs. It provides a suite of dynamic API capabilities for ASPSPs and third party providers for open banking initiatives that features AI and Data analytics powered solutions to monetize your data and more. This API implementation is a RESTful service with requests and responses in JSON format. The PelicanPay platform manages the technical and regulatory complexity of API connectivity to customers bank accounts. PelicanPay provides banks and corporations with payment solutions, and a financial crime compliance platform for Fintechs and third party providers for on-boarding and global payments processing.
 The Citibank Services API allows customers to access account statement details and permits customers to change their account PIN from your application and website. It enables you with the ability to perform servicing functions like retrieve the statement and advices listings, individual statements or advices in PDF format. Citibank provides financial services and ideas for managing your finances.
 The BitcoinAverage Enterprise Websocket API pushes faster real time updates that use less bandwidth as it only updates the prices that have changed. There are two websocket channels that are available for ticker and exchanges. It allows you to connect to one or more indices or exchanges and returns ticker data for multiple symbols grouped in symbol sets and data for multiple exchanges. The Websocket V2 API is available to Enterprise users only. BitcoinAverage is a data service that provides the weighted average Bitcoin price for all major currencies.
 The finsym API can find company names within text and return their stock exchange symbols. The API can find full or partial company names, company symbols, and most nicknames (e.g., "Pepsi" for "Pepsico, Inc."). Currently, the API only covers companies listed on NYSE and NASDAQ, with plans in the near future to extend coverage for the London Stock Exchange as well as other exchanges.
At this time finsym is experimental and is currently in alpha-testing.
 The Revolut Open Banking Webhooks API allows you to receive updates about your account. You can use this API to create a web-hook endpoint to receive a notification that will be posted, via HTTP POST method, to the specified endpoint for the following supported events: Transaction Creation and Transaction State Change. Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics, free money transfers, fee-free travel and more.
 The Open Risk API provides a mechanism to integrate arbitrary collections of risk data and risk modelling resources in the context of assessing and managing financial risk. It is based on two key technologies of the modern Web, RESTful architectures and Semantic Data
 The Alpaca Trade API delivers a REST-based interface that connects applications with a real-time brokerage service. The API is used to access account information, orders, positions, assets, and more. With Alpaca, developers can manage capital, stocks, and algos all in one integrated system. The API employs API Keys for authentication, and returns JSON data.
 Lenddo is a provider of financial products such as identity verification and credit scoring. LenddoScore is a powerful predictor of credit scores that can be integrated with applications in order to reduce risk and approve applications. Lenddo Verification offers a quick way to check the veracity of reported information.
 The Revolut Open Banking API allows you to integrate your Revolut for Business account to automate your business account operations. You can automate all payment processes including: Accounts, Counterparties and Payments. Revolut is a banking alternative that provides spending analytics, free money transfers, fee-free travel and more.
 The Yapily API enables service providers to securely connect to multiple retail banks to: 1) Retrieve users' financial data in real-time; 2) Initiate payments; 3) Normalized open data for bank products.
This API can be used as a single interface to connect to Open Banking Entities.
Yapily's dashboard enables developers to easily manage API credentials and offers real-time simulator to test API connectivity. We also offer a host of bank sandboxes that allow developers to simulate a connected application and expedite their development. SDKs in popular languages, API docs, code examples, and Swagger JSON are all available at https://github.com/yapily.
 The Exchange Rates API provides current and historical foreign exchange rates. Data is retrieved from published exchange rates by the European Central Bank. The API supports the latest foreign exchange reference rates, historical dates since 1999, and specific exchange rates by symbol.
 Worldtradingdata.com provides real time, historical end of day and intraday stock data as well as real time and historical end of day forex data. Worldtradingdata.com is committed to providing fast, easy access to global financial data. With over 40 years of historical data, hundreds of real time stock quotes per request and live intraday data, worldtradingdata.com provides the most comprehensive, affordable and efficient suite of APIs for worldwide financial data.
 The Citibank Utilities API allows you to retrieve an array of valid values, field properties and validations applied for a specific market. This simplifies multimarket app development and helps to identify country-specific variations.
This API is part of Citi Open Banking, a set of APIs that allow you to connect to core Citi financial functionality.
 The Citibank Onboarding API allows you to initiate the basic account opening process for new Citi customers. The resources allow you to present eligible products send applications for screening and submit a new application for one or more products. The resources also allow you to submit supporting documents. Application status can be checked at any point in the process, with deaccessioning happening in real time. Key features of this API are:The ability to ease the process of new account opening such as a credit card or loan. Track and alert customers of their application status.Improved customer activation by allowing them to upload and submit required application documents in the app.The ability to promote relevant offers and qualifying products to those Citi customers that apply for your products.This API is part of Citi Open Banking, a set of APIs that allow you to connect to core Citi financial functionality.
 The Citibank Money Movement API allows you to move money within the market of the account of the Citi customer who authorized your app.
The API covers three types of transfers:Personal means moving money between a customer's own Citi accounts in the same market.Internal refers to moving money between the accounts of Citi customers in the same market.External refers to moving money from a Citi customer's account to accounts at other banks in the same market.In addition to transfers, the API allows you to pay bills within the market of the account of the Citi customer who authorized your app.
The Citibank Money Movement API can:Make it possible for your customers to pay bills, set up automatic transfers, better control their cash flow and more so they don’t have to leave your app.Offer more ways for your customers to manage their finances and investments by letting them transfer funds between accounts, set up direct deposit and fund brokerage accounts.Add the ability to your app or product to let customers send or receive money.This API is part of Citi Open Banking, a set of APIs that allow you to connect to core Citi financial functionality.
 Give Citi customers the ability to manage their credit and debit cards
The Citibank Cards API allows you to perform actions on the actual credit cards of the Citi Customer who authorized your app.
With this API you can:Let your customers instantly freeze a lost or stolen credit card and start the process of issuing a replacement.Create alerts that automatically notify Citi when your customers book upcoming travel so they’re able to use their cards whenever and wherever they go.Enable your customers to request temporary or permanent credit limit increase right from your app given them the flexibility to make larger purchases.This API is part of Citi Open Banking, a set of APIs that allow you to connect to core Citi financial functionality.
 The Citibank Customers API allows you to retrieve basic Citi customer information such as name, mailing address, email address and phone numbers. The API can also automatically populate forms so a customer doesn't have to.
Key features of the API are fraud reduction and autofill of forms.
This API is part of Citi Open Banking, a set of APIs that allow you to connect to core Citi financial functionality.
 The Citibank Accounts API allows you to retrieve account and transaction data for Citi Customers who have authorized your app. In most cases, you'll want to request a summary of all accounts first, which will return basic account information and accountIds. Once you have this information, you can request additional account details and/or transactions. The API's primary usees are for account aggregation, alerts, and real-time updates
Key features of the API are:enriched customer experiencethe ability to provide detailed customer account data with a simple API calldata access any idea, product or service, and utilization of industry standard REST API to access the account info and data you need faster and in a structured manner.This API is part of Citi Open Banking, a set of APIs that allow you to connect to core Citi financial functionality.
iban- didn't extract the description
 The Nuo Play API is a Protocol for Collateralized Debt. It is a transparent, permission less and global protocol for creating collateral backed financial applications on the Ethereum Blockchain. Some Nuo Play uses may include; Crypto Exchanges, Decentralized Apps, Banks, Fintechs, Credit Unions, Investment Banks, Payment Gateways and more. Nuo is a Blockchain powered financial control centre to store, spend and grow your cryptocurrencies.
 Tink is a financial data platform that offers diverse features including channel agnostic account aggregation for better transparency and freedom, transaction categorization, and personal financial management. Developers can integrate with Tink and gain access to consumers' account data from Nordic banks and financial institutions. The Tink API follows a REST approach, and returns information in JSON.
 The Citibank Authorize API is an implementation of the OAuth 2.0 framework, that allows you to obtain secure Citibank authorization using standard methods that can be integrated in your applications. The API enables Citi customers with the ability to grant your application access to their account data and services. Citibank provides financial services and ideas for managing your finances.
 The Finactum Pro API gives developers access to information for all companies based in Belgium. Its algorithms can calculate financial scores pertaining to liquidity, solvency, and profitability. The Finactum Pro information platform is built on information purchased from the NBB, KBO, and the Belgian Official Gazette and enriched with additional data. The API's home page is provided in Dutch.
 TheCboe Time and Sales API allows you access to tick and trade data across US equities, ETFs, indexes and options. Cboe LiveVol is an equity and index options technology and services data provider for professional and retail traders. This includes provides market data for; Backtester, Custom Scans, Market at a Glance, Market Reference, Option Scans, Theo Calculator, Trade Review and more. Cboe tools, data, and custom analytics services offers technology and data solutions for a consolidated feed, real-time programmatic analysis and scanning, historical files and back testing, real-time decision support, flat files, XML web services, web components, custom development and consulting.
 The Cboe Trade Review API is a price generator for error reviews on trades executed on US option exchanges. Trade Review is an system that is wrapped around Cboe LiveVol’s Time and Sales data that enables the an error trade review process that determines if an executed trade qualifies for an adjustment. Cboe LiveVol is an equity and index options technology and services data provider for professional and retail traders. This includes provides market data for; Backtester, Custom Scans, Market at a Glance, Market Reference, Option Scans, Theo Calculator, Trade Review and more. Cboe tools, data, and custom analytics services offers technology and data solutions for a consolidated feed, real-time programmatic analysis and scanning, historical files and back testing, real-time decision support, flat files, XML web services, web components, custom development and consulting.
 The Cboe Theo Calc API allows you to integrate Cboe benchmark theoretical values into your work flow and automate execution monitoring and error detection. Cboe LiveVol is an equity and index options technology and services data provider for professional and retail traders. This includes market data for; Backtester, Custom Scans, Market at a Glance, Market Reference, Option Scans, Theo Calculator, Trade Review and more. Cboe tools, data, and custom analytics services offers technology and data solutions for a consolidated feed, real-time programmatic analysis and scanning, historical files and back testing, real-time decision support, flat files, XML web services, web components, custom development and consulting.
cboe-livevol’s-market-at-a-glance didn't extract the description
 The G-Square NLP (Natural Language Processing) API offers sentiment recognition, intent of social media comments, topics, and keywords. G-Square develops tools for the financial services industry including analytics for actionable business insights, Forex pricing solutions, and big data analysis.
 The Forty Seven API allows businesses and partners to integrate their applications and services with the Forty Seven bank infrastructure. It provides a way to exchange information and connect business processes of organisations with the business processes of Forty Seven Bank. It enables you with the ability to access the user's list of accounts and account information, access the transaction history and metadata of accounts, access payers and payees of an account with metadata for aliases, labels, logos and home pages. Services include; Accounts, Counterparties, Transactions, Payments, Requests and more. This API is based on the Open Bank Project. Forty Seven Bank creates an open Application Platform for financial technology developers, to integrate with Forty Seven Bank. The Forty Seven bank project is a fin-tech startup that connects fiat and cryptocurrency banking.
 The FXCM Socket REST service is a web-based API using a Websocket connection. It allows you to create a custom trading application for integration with the FXCM platform to back test and create automated trading strategies. FXCM is a 24-Hour Online Trading platform for Forex, Oil, Gold, and more.
 Cex.io is a cryptocurrency exchange platform. Integration of the Cex.io WebSocket API allows you to access real time notifications without sending extra requests. This expedites data transmission from the exchange.
aurora-idex-(beta) didn't extract the description
 The Alpha Vantage API integrates financial market data including stocks, physical currencies, digital/crypto currencies, technical indicators and other types of data. API Key is required to authenticate. Developers can request via URI Query String/CRUD to receive responses in JSON and CSV.
 The Independent Reserve is a Bitcoin exchange market with operations in Australia and New Zealand. The Airbridge™ API allows you to build third-party apps that connect to the Independent Reserve trading platform. The RESTful API provides both private and public methods and returns JSON-formatted responses.
 The FYB-SE is a Bitcoin exchange marketplace. The FYB-SE API provides a RESTful platform for integrating Bitcoin trading functions in applications.
 The ChangeNOW Exchanger API allows applications to be integrated with cryptocurrency exchange services. Developers can easily integrate the system of cryptocurrency exchange with the API. ChangeNOW API has detailed technical documentation. It operates with HTTPS protocol and provides a number of methods for the queries to be placed and the responses to be returned for each operation. All the responses are delivered through JSON API format. ChangeNOW is a web platform created for the simple exchange of any cryptocurrency. To avoid identification and financial theft, users don’t need to register or leave personal information.
 Currex is an API that provides currency exchange rates. Currently for 95 currencies but it's still growing.
 The Australia-based ACX is the country’s largest digital currency exchange. The ACX API simplifies the construction of digital asset trading tools and applications. It provides a RESTful platform for building charts, monitoring or editing orders and positions, and tracking trading history and wallet movements.
 CryptoCompare provides access to live prices, charts, and market analyses of the world’s top 65 crypto exchanges. The platform hosts more than 5000 trading pairs and over 1000 crypto currencies or assets in simple format. Use the CryptoCompare API to integrate the functionality for accessing cryptocurrency pricing, OHLC, and volume data from multiple exchanges.
 bitFlyer is a digital currency exchange and marketplace for buying, selling, and spending Bitcoin. The bitFlyer Lightning API provides HTTP and real time endpoints for integrating bitFlyer in trading apps. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format.
 The FACE Ohio API allows users to access campaign finance data for the State of Ohio. The Secretary of State's data feed contains campaign contributions and expenditures, and is available on the official website. Developers need to register for API and documentation access.
 1Broker is a global trading platform for Bitcoin. The 1Broker Bitcoin Exchange API supports integration of the 1Broker trading platform. It provides a broad scope of functionalities including get basic account data, manipulate open orders and positions, list position, and get market data. The API strictly uses simple HTTPS GET requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 The denoti API allows developers to get financial datasets for markets, equities, commodities, bonds and currencies. The API includes endpoints for Finance including cryptocurrency, bonds, commodities, futures, and more, plus endpoints for Economic indicators, trend analysis, as well as endpoints for Bank Rates including current and historical mortgages, loans, credit cards and more. The denoti API is a RESTful API with JSON response types. denoti is a a financial data aggregator, and service provider that focuses on finance and North American bank rates.
 1BTCXE supports Bitcoin trading transaction in more than 30 fiat currencies. Use the 1BTCXE API to access 1BTCXE’s exchange functionality using HTTPS requests. The RESTful API accepts JSON requests and returns JSON-formatted responses.
 Bitbay is a European trading platform for Bitcoin and digital currency. The Bitbay Private API provides API key-authenticated access to Bitbay’s currency trading functions. Establish a connection with the API by sending a POST request to its endpoint. Each request must have a method parameter.
 Bitbay is a European trading platform for Bitcoin and digital currency. The Bitbay Public API provides unrestricted access to various currency trading functions including trades, orderbook, market, and ticker. The RESTful API returns responses in JSON format.
 Bibox is a Chinese digital asset exchange marketplace. The Bibox API provides a RESTful Access to the Bibox trading platform. The API conveys requests in URI Query String/CRUD format.
 BluePay is a provider of secure payments processing solutions for businesses and organizations. The company offers three options of secure payments integration modules including the Install a Plugin option, the Embed a Payment Form, and the Full Integration option. Use the BluPay API to integrate secure online payments portal in your applications. A sandbox testing environment is available on request.
 The Intrinio Buenos Aires BCBA Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Buenos Aires BCBA Stock Exchange in Argentina. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM NAMIBIA
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Namibian Stock Exchange in Namibia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ OMX Armenia Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the NASDAQ OMX Armenia in Armenia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Riga Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the NASDAQ Riga in Latvia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Tallinn Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the NASDAQ Tallinn in Estonia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Nigerian Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Nigerian Stock Exchange in Nigeria. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM SWEDEN
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Nordic Growth Market in Sweden. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Pakistan Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Pakistan Stock Exchange in Pakistan. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM PANAMA
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Panama Stock Exchange in Panama. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Paraguay Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Paraguay Stock Exchange in Paraguay. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Philippine Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Philippine Stock Exchange in Philippines. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Palestine Securities Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Palestine Securities Exchange in Palestine. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Prague Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Prague Stock Exchange in Czech Republic. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Qatar Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Qatar Exchange in Qatar. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio PFTS Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the PFTS Stock Exchange in the Ukraine. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Oslo Axess Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Oslo Axess in Norway. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Norwegian OTC Market Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Norwegian OTC Market in Norway. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Norway Stock Exchange Prices API brings end of day prices from the Oslo market directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this exchange. Prices are released after the close of trading in Oslo's time zone, which runs from 9:00 AM – 5:30 PM GMT+2.
 ANALYZE EOD PRICES FROM NEW ZEALAND
The Exchange Data International New Zealand Stock Prices data feed brings end of day prices from the New Zealand market directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this exchange. Prices are released after the close of trading in New Zealand’s time zone, which runs from 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM GMT+12.
https://www.stockmarketclock.com/exchanges/nzx/trading-hours
APPLY YOUR STRATEGY TO NEW ZEALAND
If you have been searching for a data feed that makes New Zealand prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis, look no further. The Exchange Data New Zealand Stock Prices data feed does the heavy lifting, providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it.
 The Intrinio Nepal Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Nepal Stock Exchange in Nepal. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Vilnius Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the NASDAQ Vilnius in Lithuania. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Iceland Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the NASDAQ Iceland in Iceland. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Dubai Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the NASDAQ Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM KENYA
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Nairobi Stock Exchange in Kenya. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Nagoya Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Nagoya Stock Exchange in Japan. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM FIJI
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the South Pacific Stock Exchange in Fiji. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM SPAIN
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Spain MaB Stock Exchange in Spain. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM GERMANY
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Stuttgart Stock Exchange in Germany. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM SWAZILAND
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Swaziland Stock Exchange in Swaziland. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 ANALYZE EOD PRICES FROM SWEDEN
The Exchange Data International EOD NASDAQ Stockholm Stock Exchange data feed brings end of day prices from this Stockholm based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Stockholm’s time zone, which closes at 5:30 PM Stockholm Time.
https://www.stockmarketclock.com/exchanges/omx/trading-hours
APPLY YOUR STRATEGY TO SWEDEN
If you have been searching for a data feed that makes Sweden’s EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis, look no further. The Exchange Data EOD Sweden feed does the heavy lifting, providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the STO exchange so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM TAIWAN
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Taipei Exchange in Taiwan. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 ANALYZE EOD PRICES FROM TAIWAN
The Exchange Data EOD Taiwan Stock Exchange data feed brings end of day prices from this Taipei based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Taipei’s time zone, which closes at 4:00 PM China Standard Time.
http://www.twse.com.tw/en/products/trading_rules/trading_hours.php
APPLY YOUR STRATEGY TO TAIWAN
If you have been searching for a data feed that makes Taiwan’s EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis, look no further. The Exchange Data EOD Taiwan feed does the heavy lifting, providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the TWSE exchange so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM IRAN
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Tehran Stock Exchange in Iran. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 ANALYZE EOD PRICES FROM ISRAEL
The Exchange Data International EOD Tel Aviv Stock Exchange data feed brings EOD prices from this Tel Aviv, Israel based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Israel’s time zone, which closes at 5:25 PM Israel Daylight Time.
http://www.tase.co.il/eng/tradingandclearing/trading/trading%20schedule/pages/tradingschedule.aspx
APPLY YOUR STRATEGY TO ISRAEL
If you have been searching for a data feed that makes Israeli EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis, look no further. The Exchange Data EOD Israel data feed does the heavy lifting, providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE) so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM THAILAND
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Thailand Stock Exchange in Thailand. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 needs new description
 The Intrinio Denmark Stock Exchange Prices API brings end-of-day prices from the NASDAQ Copenhagen stock market directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this exchange. Prices are released after the close of trading in Copenhagen's time zone, which runs from 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM GMT+2.
 The Intrinio Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange in Tanzania. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Cyprus Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Cyprus Stock Exchange in Cyprus. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Costa Rica Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Costa Rica Stock Exchange in Costa Rica. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Colombia Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Colombia Stock Exchange in Colombia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Cambodia Securities Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Cambodia Securities Exchange in Cambodia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio BX Swiss Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the BX Swiss Exchange in Switzerland. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Bulgarian Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Bulgarian Stock Exchange in Bulgaria. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Buenos Aires Merval Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Buenos Aires Merval Stock Exchange in Argentina. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Budapest Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Budapest Stock Exchange in Hungary. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Bucharest Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Bucharest Stock Exchange in Romania. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio's API and Excel add-in.
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The GoCompare Transaction service is a community supported API for personal financial transaction analysis. The API allows users to submit anonymized data, including data relating to financial transactions over a fixed period or periods of time. The API analyses data to organize and analyze consumers spending behavior and predict consumers future purchasing habits. It allows you to classify customer bank account and credit card transactions into categories, with summarized spend by month. It also allow you to identify merchants associated with customer transactions, summarized by monthly spend and predict customer's future expenses by category and merchant.
 The Intrinio Real-Time Feeds uses the WebSockets protocol to push stock price quotes to clients in real time. The Intrinio Websockets API will send you the last recorded IEX bid/ask/last quotes, even during off-hours. So you will notice that the first quote update will come through immediately upon connection, and it will have an older timestamp. All quotes afterwards are live updates. Intrinio is a financial data marketplace that is restriction-free with self-sign up, and chat support.
 The APIseeds Exchange Rate API allows developers to integrate currency exchange rate capabilities with their applications. The API supports more than 1,400 world currencies and cryptocurrencies. The API returns JSON formatted data.
 The Intrinio Tokyo Stock Exchange Prices API is a data feed that offers end of day prices from Tokyo's Stock Exchange. Prices are released at the end of trading times (3:00 PM, Japan time). The API supports adjustment factors, data back to 2007, and is updated daily. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Toronto Stock Exchange Prices API allows developers to get end of day prices (EOD) from the Toronto Stock Exchange. Available price data includes stock prices, adjusted stock prices, and adjustment factors for splits and dividends. Up-to-date prices are released daily after the close of trading in Toronto's time zone (EST). Data is available back to 2007.
 The Intrinio TSX Venture Stock Exchange Prices API allows developers to get end of day prices (EOD) from the TSX Venture Exchange in Canada. Available data includes stock prices, adjusted stock prices, and adjustment factors for dividends and splits. Prices are updated daily after the close of trading in Toronto's time zone (EST). Historical data is available back to 2007.
intrinio-trinidad-&-tobago-stock-exchange-prices didn't extract the description
 The Surface API is a Restful service that provides access to OpenWrks customer data with examples for cURL, C#, JavaScript, Python, PHP, Java, Node, Ruby, Objective-C, Swift and Go. This includes endpoints for Users, Accounts, Transactions and more. The API eliminates the need to work with multiple banks and account providers. It is a clean, stable, backwards compatible API integration that takes care of dual running with the support of major versions that are mandated by the Open Banking Implementation Entity (OBIE). OpenWrks enables customers with control over finances by enabling them with access to financial services using real-time fully integrated financial data.
 The Intrinio Tunis Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to a data feed of end of day prices (EOD) from the Tunis Stock Exchange in Tunisia. Available data includes high, low, open, and close prices as well as prices adjusted for splits and dividends. The feed is updated daily and includes historical data back to 2007.
 The Intrinio Uganda Securities Exchange Prices API is a data feed that provides developers with end of day prices (EOD) from the Uganda Securities Exchange. Available data includes high, low, open, and close prices as well as prices adjusted for splits and dividends. This feed updates daily and includes historical data back to 2007.
 The Intrinio Warsaw Stock Exchange Prices API is a data feed that provides access to end of day prices (EOD) from the Warsaw Stock Exchange in Poland. Available data includes high, low, open, and close prices as well as prices adjusted for splits and dividends. This feed updates daily and includes historical data back to 2007.
 The Intrinio Zagreb Stock Exchange Prices API is a data feed that provides access to end of day prices (EOD) from the Zagreb Stock Exchange in Croatia. Available data includes high, low, open, and close prices as well as prices adjusted for splits and dividends. This feed updates daily and includes historical data back to 2007.
 The Exchange Data International EOD Moscow data feed brings end of day (EOD) prices from the Moscow Exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Russia’s time zone. The Intrinio Moscow Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Moscow Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Exchange Data International EOD Malaysia data feed brings end of day (EOD) prices from the Bursa Malaysia, a Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Malaysia’s time zone. The Intrinio Malaysia Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Malaysia Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 Denoti is a provider of financial data aggregation services and applications that focus on finance and North American bank rates. The Denoti service provides latest updates and notifications of changes to thousands of rates and prices across financial markets. Use the denoti Bitcoin Cryptocurrency API endpoint to access the last recorded value representing the price of bitcoin cryptocurrency for a given day.
trading-technologies-tt-x_trader didn't extract the description
 The Exchange Data International EOD Mongolian data feed brings end of day (EOD) prices from the Mongolian Stock Exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Mongolia’s time zone. The Intrinio Mongolian Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Mongolian Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Exchange Data International EOD Moldova data feed brings end of day (EOD) prices from the Bursa de Valori a Moldovei, a Chisinau, Moldova based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Moldova’s time zone. The Intrinio Moldova Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Moldova Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Exchange Data International EOD Malta data feed brings end of day (EOD) prices from the Malta Stock Exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Malta’s time zone. The Intrinio Malta Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Malta Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Intrinio Trop-X Prices API is a data feed that allows developers to retrieve end of day prices (EOD) from the Trop-X in Seychelles. Available data includes high, low, open, and close prices as well as prices adjusted for splits and dividends. This API is updated daily at the close of trading and includes historical data back to 2007.
 The Exchange Data International EOD Muscat data feed brings end of day (EOD) prices from the Muscat, Oman based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Oman’s time zone. The Intrinio Muscat Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other daily trading summaries from the Muscat Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Intrinio Mexican Stock Exchange Prices API offers historical financial data, prices, exchange prices, securities, and stock exchanges related to the Mexican Stock Exchange or Bolsa Mexicana de Valores. Built in REST architecture, the interface is available via API Key and basic auth secured in HTTPS. JSON responses will be available after making requests over HTTP verbs.
The Exchange Data International is released after the close of trading in Mexico City’s time zone, which closes at 3:00 PM Central Time.
To learn more, visit http://www.stockexchange.com.mx/
 The Intrinio Montevideo Stock Exchange Prices offers developers historical financial data, prices, exchange prices, securities, and stock exchanges related to Montevideo Uruguay Stock Exchange. The Intrinio API in REST architecture uses HTTPS verbs to receive JSON format responses in return. An API Key is required along with basic auth via HTTPS. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007.
 The Intrinio Mauritius Stock Exchange Prices API returns historical financial data, prices, exchange prices, securities, and stock exchanges, linked to the Mauritius Stock Exchange. The REST API requests calls in HTTPS verbs to receive responses in JSON format. To access, developers need an API Key and basic auth secured in HTTPS. The idea is to have investors to pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day.
 Intrinio Merkur Market Prices API offers data on finances, exchanges, prices, securities, and stocks related to the Merkur Norway Stock Exchange. To start a project, developers can access via API Key and basic auth secured by HTTPS. Request verbs will return JSON format as responses. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
 The Intrinio Maldives Stock Exchange Prices API offers historical financial data, prices, exchange prices, securities, and stock exchanges connected to the Maldives Stock Exchange. Developers require an API Key to access, along with basic auth over secure HTTPS. Built in REST, the interface uses HTTPS verbs to request calls that will be displayed in JSON format. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with a simple syntax. Chat support and tutorials are available.
 The Intrinio Malawi Stock Exchange Prices API provides historical financial data, prices, exchange prices, securities, and stock exchanges related to Malawi Stock Exchange. The API uses a REST architecture with HTTPS verbs to obtain responses in JSON formats. API Key is required along with basic auth via HTTPS.
 The Intrinio London Stock Exchange Prices API data feed brings end of day prices from this UK based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in London’s time zone, 4:30 PM Greenwich. The Exchange Data EOD England LSE feed provides validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the LSE exchange so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it.
 The Intrinio Macedonian Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Macedonian Stock Exchange in Macedonia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Lusaka Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Lusaka Stock Exchange in Zambia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Montenegro Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Montenegro Stock Exchange in Montenegro. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Lao Securities Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Lao Securities Exchange in Laos. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It enables developers with access to all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Ljubljana Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Ljubljana Stock Exchange in Slovenia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Libyan Stock Market Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Libyan Stock Market in Libya. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 AFFORDABLE EOD PRICES FROM LAOS
This data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Lao Securities Exchange in Laos. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
EASY ACCESS VIA EXCEL OR API
Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Kyrgyz Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Kyrgyz Stock Exchange in Kyrgyzstan. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Kuwait Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Kuwait Stock Exchange in Kuwait. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio KOSDAQ Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the KOSDAQ in South Korea. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with a simple syntax, access all historical prices for the exdate in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange in Saint Kitts and Nevis. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Khartoum Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Khartoum Stock Exchange in Sudan. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Exchange Data International Guyana Stock Exchange Prices data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Guyana Stock Exchange in Guyana. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. The Intrinio Guyana Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Guyana Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Exchange Data International data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Iraq Stock Exchange in Iraq. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. The Intrinio Iraq Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Iraq Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Intrinio Istanbul Stock Exchange Prices API offers end of day prices from the Istanbul Stock Exchange. The most recent close of trading data is available as well as historical. The API also offers high, low, open, close, and volume information. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Ivory Cost Stock Exchange Prices API is a data stream that offers the most recent close of trading prices from the Ivory Cost Stock Exchange. Historical data is available as well. The API also offers high, low, open, close, and volume information. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Kazakhstan Stock Exchange Prices API offers end of day prices from the Kazakhstan Stock Exchange. The most recent close of trading data is available as well as historical. The API also offers high, low, open, close, and volume information. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Trading Technologies TT User Setup API supports the creation of custom apps that support the set up and manipulation of Trading Technologies user accounts. Trading Technologies provides software for building financial market trading applications.
 The Trading Technologies TT API supports the creation of apps that communicate with TT Gateways. Use the API to develop apps that can implement price subscriptions, route orders, or receive fills via the TT Gateways. TT Gateways is a function of the TT trading platform, for building applications that can trade stocks and other financial market assets. The API is anchored on the Microsoft .NET technology. Its functionality includes the ability to deploy Trading Technologies' trademarked Autospreader SE and Synthetic SE platforms in a way that makes it easier for developers to route spread and synthetic orders to the two platforms for proximity-based execution.
 The Exchange Data International data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Hanoi Stock Exchange in Vietnam. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. The Intrinio Hanoi Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Hanoi Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Exchange Data International EOD Georgia data feed brings end of day (EOD) prices from the Georgia Stock Exchange in Georgia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. The Intrinio Georgia Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Georgia Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Intrinio Douala Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Douala Stock Exchange in Cameroon. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Exchange Data International EOD El Salvador data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the El Salvador Stock Exchange in El Salvador. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. The Intrinio El Salvador Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day trading data summaries from the El Salvador Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Exchange Data International EOD Portugal data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Lisbon Stock Exchange Stock Exchange in Portugal. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. The Intrinio Euronext Lisbon Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day trading data summaries from the Lisbon Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Exchange Data International EOD Germany data feed brings end of day (EOD) prices from the Deutsche Börse, a Frankfurt, Germany based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Frankfurt’s time zone, which closes at 3:00 PM Central Europe Time. The Intrinio Frankfurt Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Exchange Data International data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange in Vietnam. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. The Intrinio Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Exchange Data International Greece Stock Exchange Prices data feed brings end of day prices from the Athens market directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this exchange. Prices are released after the close of trading in Athen’s time zone, which runs from 10:00 AM – 5:20 PM GMT+3. The Intrinio Greece Stock Exchange Prices API provides access to Exchange Data International’s end of day prices and other trading data summaries from the Greece Stock Exchange. Developers can access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax.
 The Intrinio Guayaquil Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Guayaquil Stock Exchange in Ecuador. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Inkassogram Invoice API allows developers to integrate invoicing and payment tracking functionality in financial applications. The API sends requests in URI Query String/CRUD format. API methods are available for activating invoices, fetching invoice data, searching companies, resending invoices, and more. Inkassogram is a Sweden-based provider of invoicing and debt collection solutions.
 The Intrinio Hamburg Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Hamburg Stock Exchange in Germany. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange Prices API data feed brings end of day prices from this EU/Netherlands based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Amsterdam’s time zone, which closes at 5:40 PM Central Europe Time. If you have been searching for a data feed that makes the Netherlands' EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis, look no further. The Exchange Data EOD Netherlands feed does the heavy lifting, providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell for the AMS exchange so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it.
 The Intrinio Chittagong Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Chittagong Stock Exchange in Bangladesh. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Egyptian Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Egyptian Exchange in Egypt. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Hannover Stock Exchange Prices API is a data feed that offers end of day prices from Germany's Hannover Stock Exchange. The API supports high, low, open, close, and volume information (historically back to 2007). Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Jamaica Stock Exchange Prices API is a data stream that offers the most recent close of trading values from the Jamaica Stock Exchange. Historical data is available as well. The API also offers high, low, open, close, and volume information. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Damascus Securities Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Damascus Securities Exchange in Syria. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Colombo Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Colombo Stock Exchange in Sri Lanka. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Ghana Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Ghana Stock Exchange in Ghana. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Indonesia Stock Exchange Prices API offers end of day prices from the Indonesia Stock Exchange. Historical data is available (back to 2007). The API provides high, low, open, close, and volume information as well. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Duesseldorf Market Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Duesseldorf Market in Germany. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Guernsey Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Guernsey Stock Exchange in Guernsey. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Euronext Paris Stock Exchange Prices API Data Feed brings end of day prices from this EU/French market directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API. Prices are released after the close of trading in Euronext’s time zone, which runs from 9:00 AM – 5:30 PM GMT+1. If you have been searching for a data feed that makes France EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis, look no further. The Exchange Data EOD France data feed does the heavy lifting, providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it.
 The Intrinio Euronext Brussels Stock Exchange Prices API data feed brings end of day prices from this EU/Belgium market directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this exchange. Prices are released after the close of trading in Euronext’s time zone, which runs from 9:00 AM – 5:40 PM GMT. If you have been searching for a data feed that makes Euronext - Brussels EOD prices affordable and easy to access for your application or spreadsheet analysis, look no further. The Exchange Data EOD Euronext - Brussels data feed does the heavy lifting, providing validated and systematic stock prices after the closing bell so you can stop spending your time collecting and organizing data and get to work analyzing it.
 The Intrinio Dubai Financial Market Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Dubai Financial Market in United Arab Emirates. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Dominican Republic Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Dominican Republic Stock Exchange in Dominican Republic. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Dhaka Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Dhaka Stock Exchange in Bangladesh. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Casablanca Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Casablanca Stock Exchange in Morocco. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides a way for developers to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Cayman Islands Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Cayman Islands Stock Exchange in the Cayman Islands. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It provides developers with the ability to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio Cape Verde Stock Exchange Prices API provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Cape Verde Stock Exchange in Cape Verde. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in. It allows developers with the ability to access all historical prices for the exchange with simple syntax. Investors can pull the data into Excel so that it will update in their spreadsheet each day. Chat support and tutorials are available to get you started. This data feed was designed to make it easy and affordable to track the entire exchange using your preferred access method.
 The Intrinio COMEX Real-Time Futures Prices API gives developers programmatic access to a data feed of real-time futures prices for precious metals - including gold, silver, aluminum, zinc, lead, and platinum - from the COMEX contract market. Developers can use this data to follow intra-day price movements for 50 futures and options contracts.
intrinio-s&p-dow-jones-index-data didn't extract the description
 The Intrinio CME Real-Time Futures Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of real-time futures prices for interest rates, commodities, and currencies from the CME contract market. Developers can use this data to follow intra-day price movements for more than 440 popular futures and options contracts, including foreign exchange contracts, equity index contract, and livestock contracts.
 The Intrinio FTSE Russell Index Data API allows developers to get real-time index prices from FTSE Russel. This API includes access to the Russell 2000, Russell 2000 Growth, Russell 1000, Russell 3000, and more along with intraday net asset values and settlement values. Developers can use this data to follow intra-day price movements for proprietary indexes around the world.
 The Starling Bank REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Starling Bank with other applications. Some example API methods include managing accounts, retrieving statements, and retrieving transactions. Starling Bank is a mobile-only banking service application in the UK.
intrinio-belarus-currency-&-stock-exchange-prices didn't extract the description
 The Intrinio Botswana Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Botswana Stock Exchange in Botswana. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Features include:High, Low, Open, Close PricesAdditional Prices Adjusted for Splits and DividendsVolume and Split RatiosData Back to 2007Daily Updates with the Latest EOD Prices
 The Intrinio Bratislava Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Bratislava Stock Exchange in Slovakia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Features include:High, Low, Open, Close PricesAdditional Prices Adjusted for Splits and DividendsVolume and Split RatiosData Back to 2007Daily Updates with the Latest EOD Prices
 The Intrinio Bolivia Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Bolivia Stock Exchange in Bolivia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Features include:High, Low, Open, Close PricesAdditional Prices Adjusted for Splits and DividendsVolume and Split RatiosData Back to 2007Daily Updates with the Latest EOD PricesHigh, Low, Open, Close Prices
Additional Prices Adjusted for Splits and Dividends
Volume and Split Ratios
Data Back to 2007
Daily Updates with the Latest EOD Prices
intrinio-bm&f-bovespa-stock-exchange-prices didn't extract the description
 The Intrinio Borsa Italiana Stock Exchange Prices API (Exchange Data International EOD Borsa Italiana) data feed brings EOD prices from this Milan, Italy based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Milan’s time zone, which closes at 5:30 PM Central European Time.
Features include:Adjustment Factors for Dividends and SplitsAdjusted Stock PricesData Back to January 2007Updated Daily
 The Intrinio Belgrade Stock Exchange Prices API data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Belgrade Stock Exchange in Serbia. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Features include:High, Low, Open, Close PricesAdditional Prices Adjusted for Splits and DividendsVolume and Split RatiosData Back to 2007Daily Updates with the Latest EOD Prices
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Global Index Real Time Prices API offers a stream of updated index prices, ETF net asset values, fixed income values, index composition data, and exchange rates provided by the Global Index Data Service (GIDS). Also, this service supports NASDAQ exchanges in Europe. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 the Intrinio BME Stock Exchange Prices (Exchange Data EOD Spainish BME - Bolsas Y Mercados Espanoles) data feed brings end of day prices from this Madrid based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Madrid’s time zone, which closes at 4:00 PM Central Europe Time.
Features include:Stock PricesAdjustment Factors for Dividends and SplitsAdjusted Stock PricesData Back to 2007Updated Daily
 The Intrinio Bermuda Stock Exchange Prices data feed provides end of day prices (EOD) from the Bermuda Stock Exchange in Bermuda. The data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007. High, low, open, close, and volume are available in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Exchange Data International validates the prices for release at the end of the trading day on the exchange, making them available through Intrinio’s API and Excel add-in.
Features include:High, Low, Open, Close PricesAdditional Prices Adjusted for Splits and DividendsVolume and Split RatiosData Back to 2007Daily Updates with the Latest EOD Prices
 The Exchange Data International EOD India Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) data feed brings EOD prices from this Bombay, India based exchange directly to Excel, Google Sheets or API, allowing developers and analysts to keep up with this market. Prices are released after the close of trading in Bombay’s time zone, which closes at 4:00 PM Indian Standard Time.
Features include:Stock PricesDividendsAdjustments and SplitsData Back to 2007Updated Daily
 The Intrinio CBOE Market Data Index Realtime Prices API offers 282 index values provided by Standard & Poors and CBOE. Index values are updated every 15 seconds during trading hours. Additionally, the API provides volatility indices (such as the VIX). Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ UTP Level 1 Real-Time Stock Prices API is a consolidated Last Sale and national best bid/ask (NBBO) data feed (for the NASDAQ Stock Market). Data about a stock's prices across exchanges is also included (UTP stock prices). The stream is provided by using WebSockets. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The LaterPay REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of LaterPay with other applications. Some example API methods include accessing LaterPay functionalities, managing users, and retrieving forms. LaterPay offers monetization functionalities for digital content and applications.
 The Korbit is a South Korea-based Bitcoin exchange platform. The Korbit API allows developers to integrate the functionality for authenticating users, viewing filled and open order, complete KRW or BTC transfers, and capture all user transactions.
 Coinone is South-Korea based cryptocurrency exchange platform. Use the Coinone API to integrate trading functionality for Bitcoin and Ethereum crypto currencies. The API supports JSON responses.
 The Cashfree REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cashfree with other applications. Some example API methods include integration with payment gateways and processing payments. Cashfree offers payments solutions for fintech companies and marketplaces.
 The Intrinio NYSE CTA Tape B Real-Time Stock Prices API provides developers with access to a real-time data feed of consolidated Last Sale and national bid/ask data for securities on the NYSE American LLC (aka NYSE MKT). This exchange was formerly known as the American Stock Exchange. NYSE MKT Tape B offers real-time composite prices comprised of Consolidated Tape Association (CTA) market participants.
intrinio-nyse-cta-tape-a-real-time-stock-prices didn't extract the description
 The Veem API is designed for businesses that send and receive international and domestic payments. This API and platform is targeted to the growing legions of businesses with global partners.
The primary use case of the Veem API is sending money to vendors/suppliers. Users of the API can make a request that initiates a bill payment process and then follow up on its status.
You'll need a Veem account to use the API. Once you have a Veem account, please send them an email at devsupport@veem.com and they will provide the API credentials.
Veem is a payments platform that leverages multi-rail and Blockchain technology. By leveraging multi-rail technology, including blockchain, Veem has built a platform that transfers money in an easy and secure way between 60 countries.
 The DBS Transaction Analytics API provide insight on customer spending patterns - money movements such as total spending on categories, monthly totals, and more. The results does not generally include current day transactions included in the totals. Current scope supports Singapore GIRO (SG) only.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS Fund Transfer API provide functions to transfer money between own accounts or to third parties within or outside the bank. Current scope supports Transfers in Singapore GIRO (SG) only. This section showcases all available endpoints and operations for Fund Transfers API.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS GIRO API enables your customers to apply for a new debit card — initiating the account opening and application submission processes.Direct Debits APIs provide functions to set up, retrieve and manage automatic electronic payments to Billing parties. Current scope supports Singapore GIRO (SG).
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia
 The DBS Limits (Management) API provides functionality for parties to customize their limits based on channels, category of transactions and scope. This API also provides application partners to check and manage limits utilized by a party.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS Payees API provides payee management functionalities such as adding new payees, retrieving payee details, and retrieving registered payee lists.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS Standing Instructions API provides functions to setup, retrieval, and management of automatic, scheduled, or recurring electronic payments to registered payees.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 Payments APIs provide functions to settle the payments owed by the Bank customer to Credit Cards, Loans and other Billing organizations authorized by the bank. Current scope supports payments in Singapore GIRO (SG) only.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 North Data is a provider of a database of profiles of German companies. The North Data German Companies API provides access to the database of company profiles including details such as company names, contacts and addresses, senior executives and legal representatives, financial performance indicators, company lifecycle, and company history. The API sends requests in URI Query String/CRUD format and returns responses in JSON or XML format.
 The DBS Rates API allows you to retrieve Exchange rates, Historical Exchange rates and set preferred FX rates for DBS Customers who have authorized to your app. Retrieve Foreign Currencies - Foreign Exchange rates. Rates can also be provided for specific input currency pair. Supported Board Rate types are Telegraphic Transfer (TT),On Demand (OD) and Notes (also known as Cash)
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS Opportunities APIs provide functionalities to search, create, update,and retrieve the opportunities associated to any campaign or Prospect. The API generates information on opportunities via user registrations - for sales/cross-sales and leads generation.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS Prospects API provides information on prospects via user registrations, for campaign management. Functions include searching, retrieving, creating, and updating prospects.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS Channel Preferences API provides functions to view and manager customer's preference for a specific Banking channel and also to view and manage entities that were recently accessed by customer.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The (Mortgage) Loan API provide functionalities to create and save, retrieve, update, cancel and search for a mortgage loan application, view list of loan pricing packages and to request for instant loan assessment. Current scope covers only retail applicant(s).
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The DBS Deposits API allows you to perform account management operations such as account creation, account status updates and enquires on account information, account holders and transactions for various accounts held by the party.
The account types currently supported by the Deposits API are Savings Account, Current Account, Fixed Deposits Account, Multi-Currency Account and Multiplier Account.
The Deposits API also showcases all available HTTP request operations and their associated endpoints.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia
 The DBS Cards API supports initiating account opening process for new customers. It supports submission of application for new product. Current scope is for debit card application only. This section showcases all available endpoints and operations for the Cards API.
You must register for a developer account with DBS (free of charge) to access the documentation. The API is very well documented.
This API also has a Sandbox Environment for you to test in. The Sandbox Environment only allows one Transaction (Request) per second for a given Application and API Operation.
DBS (The Development Bank of Singapore Limited | DBS Group) is a leading financial services group in Asia. They are headquartered in Singapore, with a growing presence in Greater China, Southeast Asia and South Asia.
 The Polygon NATS Streaming API allows you to indirectly stream stock channels. Polygon.io uses a messaging broker called NATS to connect to a NATS cluster. For Polygon.io streams you must use the NATS library for your language. Please refer to the SDK’s tab for more information. It provides a way to access low latency, tick by tick TRADE and QUOTE data from 15+ exchanges. It offers an aggregate feed which gives you per second, or per minute updates with an overview of what happened in that timeframe and includes; Stock TRADES, Stock QUOTES and Stock. Polygon enables you to stream real-time market data.
 The ABN AMRO Tikkie API provides a way to create payment requests via SMS, Whatsapp, Facebook Messenger and more. The Tikkie API can be used to create payment requests on behalf of users and are organized into platforms. This includes services for adding new platforms and users, creating payment requests, or retrieving information about existing payment requests. ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications.
 The ABN AMRO Corporate Accounts API provides a way to retrieve real-time account information for insights reconciliation. It enables you to retrieve transaction history and real-time balances from ABN AMRO payment accounts. ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications.
 The Batch Payments API provides a way to transfer multiple payments at once allowing you to automate your payment flow. It can be used to automatically transfer multiple secure payments to ABN AMRO, such as transferring batch payments from your financial software system to ABN AMRO. ABN AMRO Bank APIs allow you to integrate ABN AMRO services into your applications.
 The Intrinio NYMEX Real-Time Futures Prices API provides access to a data feed of real time futures prices from the NYMEX contract market. This feed allows users to follow intra-day price movements for 500 futures and options contracts, the majority of which are for energy-related contracts. Prices may be streamed via websocket or obtained as "snap" quotes via REST API.
 The Intrinio NYSE Global Index Feed API provides real-time access to US index and exchange-traded product valuations data from NYSE. This API includes access to NYSE, ARCA, NYSE American, and other indices along with third-party index values. Users can also get Segmented ETF IOPV values, intraday portfolio values (IPVs), and daily valuation information.
intrinio-real-time-canadian-stock-prices-(tmx,-tsx) didn't extract the description
 The Rehive API is a financial technology platform which eases the process of producing branded applications. The API supports multi-factor authentication, user and bank management, transactions, and accounts. JSON data is returned by all API responses. Rehive is a San Francisco based financial IT firm that provides services related to crypto-banking, crowdfunding, and employee travel accounts.
 The Binance Websocket API returns financial data in JSON objects or arrays. Endpoints cover depth, kline, trade, and user data. Developers can use the API to create currency exchange applications and services. Binance is bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange platform.
 The Binance API returns financial data in JSON objects or arrays. Public endpoints include market data, accounts, and user streams. Developers can use the API to create currency exchange applications and services. Binance is bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange platform.
 THE IIN API is a verification platform that integrates credit and debit card look up capabilities in order to detect fraudulent activities. Developers can white-list their API key to ensure specific servers consume the IIN API for added security. The API is REST-based with standard HTTP GET requests. ALL data is provided in JSON format. Fees are charged on a per call basis.
 The Harvest Expenses API returns a list of expenses by the spent_at date, with the most recent expenses appearing first.
 The Intrinio Algiers Stock Exchange Prices API offers end of day (EOD) prices from the Algiers Stock Exchange in Algeria. The API returns the most recent data point for a selected identifier such as stock market index symbol, and CIK ID. Additionally, the API offers professional-grade historical data, and lists of securities. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio BATS Europe BXE Prices API provides end of day prices from the BATS Europe BXE in the UK. The API delivers historical data (back to 2007), additional prices adjusted for splits and dividends, and volume and split prices in JSON or EXCEL friendly formats. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Beirut Stock Exchange Prices API provides historical and the latest end of day prices (EOD) from the Beirut Stock Exchange in Lebanon. Additionally the API provides high, low, open, close, and volume prices. Data is validated by Exchange Data International. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 Intrinio Bahamas International Securities Exchange Prices allows developers to access a data feed of end of day prices (EOD) from the Bahamas International Securities Exchange. This includes the high, low, open, and volume prices for each stock, as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Data is available from the most recent close of trading and updates daily. Historic data is available back to 2007.
 The Intrinio Banja Luka Stock Exchange Prices API offers end of day prices (EOD) from the Banja Luka Stock Exchange in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The API provides high, low, open, close prices, splits and dividends, volume, and latest prices. Historical data is also available. Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio AktieTorget Exchange Prices allows developers to access a data feed of end of day prices (EOD) from the AktieTorget Exchange in Sweden. This includes the high, low, open, and volume prices for each stock, as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Data is available from the most recent close of trading and updates daily. Historic data is available back to 2007.
 The Intrinio Bahrain Bourse Prices API offers real-time end of day prices (EOD) from the Bahrain Bourse. The API provides high, low, open, and close prices in addition to adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Historical data is also available (back to 2007). Intrinio offers payment plans for individuals, startups, developers, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Amman Stock Exchange Prices allows developers to access a data feed of end of day prices (EOD) from the Amman Stock Exchange in Jordan. This includes the high, low, open, and volume prices for each stock, as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Data is available from the most recent close of trading and updates daily. Historic data is available back to 2007.
 The Intrinio Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange Prices API allows developers to access a data feed of end of day prices (EOD) from the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange in the United Arab Emirates. This includes the high, low, open, and volume prices for each stock, as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Data is available from the most recent close of trading and updates daily. Historic data is available back to 2007.
 The nFusion Solutions Precious Metals API allows developers to get realtime and historical Spot prices for precious metals, including gold, silver, platinum, and palladium. It also offers exchange rates for major currency pairs and exchange rates for cryptocurrencies such as BTC, ETH, and LTC. All API calls require authentication.
 The PayJinn API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayJinn with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving account transactions, retrieving account balances, and initiating money transfers. PayJinn is a fintech solution company for B2B in Europe based in Germany.
 AirBitz is a provider of single-sign-on solutions for blockchain applications. Integrate AirBitz plugins to expand the functionality of your AirBitz Bitcoin Wallet. The plugins can be used to transact Bitcoin through Glidera, and buy discounted Starbucks and Target cards through Foldapp. The AirBitz Plugin API returns responses in JSON format.
payrunio---uk-payroll didn't extract the description
 The eFinancialCareers Resumes API enables third party companies to search for resumes, look through the full resume views and download resumes at eFinancialCareers. eFinancialCareers provides financial services and careers websites for companies like Investment Bankers, Traders, Asset Managers, Relationship Managers, Treasurers, Risk Managers and more.
 The eFinancialCareers Job API provides access to Financial Careers services that includes; Location Service, Edit Job, Retrieving a Job, Retrieving all Jobs, Deleting a Job and more. Your client application can interact with the API using any language that lets you issue HTTP requests and parse XML-based responses. eFinancialCareers provides financial services and careers websites for companies like Investment Bankers, Traders, Asset Managers, Relationship Managers, Treasurers, Risk Managers and more.
 The IEX WebSocket support is limited to Node.js server clients and socket.io browser clients. The IEX API provides any individual or academic, public or private institution looking to develop applications that require stock market data to access near real-time quote and trade data for all stocks trading on IEX. IEX is a stock exchange dedicated to investor protection.
 The Intrinio Zimbabwe Stock Exchange Prices API provides developers with programmatic access to a data feed of end of day prices (EOD) from the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange. The data includes each stock's high, low, open, close, and volume as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Data is available from the most recent close of trading and historically back to 2007.
 The Intrinio Real Time Options Prices API offers options prices from the Options Price Reporting Authority (OPRA). The API provides the latest ask, bid, and sale price for options contracts. The Real Time Options Prices API features aggregated prices from 15 exchanges, equity and index options, and last sale reports with price and volume information. Intrinio offers payment plans for non-professionals, professionals, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Irish Stock Exchange Prices API gives developers access to a data feed of end of day prices (EOD) from the Irish Stock Exchange. The data includes each stock's high, low, open, close, and volume as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Data is available from the most recent close of trading and goes back to 2007.
 The Capital One Customer Transactions API provides tools to provide your customers with access to view their Capital One credit card and bank account transaction data within your application. Capital One Dev provides open source integrated financial software solutions.
intrinio-over-the-counter-(otc)-real-time-stock-prices didn't extract the description
 The Intrinio US Equities Level 1 Real-Time Stock Prices API is a platform that provides trades and quotes from NASDAQ, NYSE & NYSE MKT. Intrinio offers specific data feeds for different composite prices. The API is WebSocket-based. Intrinio offers payment plans for non-professionals, professionals, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The DarkMindFX Filings API obtain the list of all currently supported regulators, get the list of all companies supported per given regulator, get the list of available filings for each company and more. DarkMindFX provides news, analysis, information and opinions on Capital Markets, Forex and Trading.
 The Polygon API returns JSON responses to get companies, trades, historic quotes, currencies, forex ticks, and currency trades data. Polygon streams stocks and market data in real-time.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Basic Real-Time Prices API offers real-time market data for NASDAQ, NYSE, NYSE AMEX and NYSE Arca-listed securities from the NASDAQ Market Center. Data is provided in via WebSocket in JSON format, for streaming, real-time updates. Available fields include ask, bid, last trade, volume, and more. Intrinio offers payment plans for non-professionals, professionals, and enterprises. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Escrow.com API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website, mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks. Escrow.com will send you updates via Webhook at key points during a transaction by providing an HTTP endpoint. To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python, Ruby, PHP C# and cURL. Requests are available for; Get Webhooks, Create a Webhook, Delete a Webhook and more. Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet.
 Escrow.com Platform API is a BETA service that provides a way to make payments for your website, mobile app or marketplace with no chargebacks. To use the API you choose a client to create your first transaction with examples that are available in Python, Ruby, PHP C# and cURL. Transactions that are available includes; Agree to a transaction, Funding a transaction, Shipping a transaction, Disbursing a transaction and more. Escrow.com is a secure online payments provider and online transaction management system for consumers and businesses on the Internet.
 iyzico is a provider of secure payments solutions including the iyzipay API. Deployment of the iyzipay RESTfulAPI simplifies the integration of online payments functionality in web applications. Interested developers can sign up for a free Sandbox account to test and verify their integrations.
 HSBC is a leading provider of banking and financial services in the UK and international locations. The HSBC Product Finder API provides functionality for searching a variety of HSBC’s banking products including Personal Current (PCA), Business Current Account (BCA), SME lending products, and commercial credit cards. The RESTful API is designed to conform to the Open API as well as the data format and security standards prescribed by the Open Banking Implementation Entity (OBIE).
 HSBC is a leading provider of banking and financial services in the UK and international locations. The HSBC ATM Locator API allows users to find HSBC UK ATMs by post codes, towns, geo-location, and street names. It also provides access to additional information such as currencies dispensed and supported languages. The RESTful API is designed to conform to the Open API as well as the data format and security standards prescribed by the Open Banking Implementation Entity (OBIE).
 HSBC is a leading provider of banking and financial services in the UK and international locations. The HSBC Branch Locator API allows users to find HSBC UK branches by post codes, towns, geo-locations, or sort codes. It also provides access to additional information such as opening times and available facilities at particular branches. The RESTful API is designed to conform to the Open API as well as the data format and security standards prescribed by the Open Banking Implementation Entity (OBIE).
 LEICheck is a REST based platform that returns queries related to Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) numbers and entities. Developers can verify the validity of a LEI, search for entities, and retrieve updated lists. The API supports JSON for responses. LEICheck features a fixed plan with 5,000 monthly requests.
 The DJII (Dow Jones Industrial Index) Taxonomy API translates search queries into the recommended Factiva codes required for organization profile searches. The information contained in the Factiva databases is split into different categories including Authors, Industries, Languages, Market Indices, News Subjects, Regions, and Sources. The RESTful API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format. The API is currently a Beta release.
 The Novopayment Authentications API enables security processes related to transactions. It provides account login, token generation and authentication tools for the validation of your user's credentials against other applications. The available functions include; Generate authentication credentials, Validate authentication credentials and User login. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Novopayment Money Transfers API allows users with the authorized credentials to send money to third party accounts. The Money Transfer Tools service enables you to send money between different parties like individuals, businesses, merchants and agents. The money transfer APIs provides cash transfers between different payment ecosystem participants that includes; card/account holders businesses, merchants and corresponding agents. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Novopayment Customer Support Tools API enables users with the authorized credentials to block stored value accounts. It allows you to block accounts, change PIN, report, process incidents, and more. Customer support tools provide call center and support personnel with useful back-office functions for cash management programs such as blocking a card or virtual account, changing a PIN, reporting incidents among others. Some available tools include; Block or Replace Account/Card, Positive Identification, Replace card, User identification and more. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Registration Cardholder API allows you to update information in stored value accounts. It is a tool to enable the creation of new individual or bulk user accounts and cash management programs for businesses, merchants, corresponding agents and end users. Some available operations include; Registration, Self-Registration, Cardholder's, Account Creation and more. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Novopayment Inquiries API provides balance and transaction history, transactions by category, agent commissions and more. The Inquiry cardholder API enables balance and transaction inquiries on stored value accounts that make it possible to retrieve account balances and other transactional information for businesses, merchants, corresponding agents and cardholder accounts. Some available functions include; Account balance, Recent transactions, Transaction history and more. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The Cash Management API provides a way to manage money in real time that allows you to disburse unused funds, and request payments between businesses, merchants, corresponding agents and end users. Some available functions includes; Cash disbursement, Cash recovery, Deposits, and Withdrawals. The Cash Management service is real-time cash management tool that enables companies to process deposits and withdrawals from stored value accounts. NovoPayment offers bank-grade integration, middleware services, and a multi-country, multi-currency platform that is able to address a full range of back-office and front-end payment needs. This includes access to local and global acquiring, ATM, reload, remittance, and mobile networks and more. NovoPayment enables digital financial and transactional services, and provides a way for banks, financial institutions, and others to leverage their existing systems and services to generate new deposits and transaction streams.
 The OCBC Forex Rates API provides a list of updated currency exchange rates by OCBC that allows users to perform calculations across currencies. The Forex Rates API provides the latest foreign exchange rate and allows users to monitor the performance of their investment products or identify products to invest in. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Authorization API enables OCBC customers to grant app access to OCBC transactional APIs. The Authorization API provides integration to developers using the OAuth 2.0 framework to integrate the APIs into applications. This includes access to the Pay Anyone service that allows users the ability to transfer funds to one another. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Merchant Card Payments API enables OCBC customers to integrate card payment APIs seamlessly with existing systems for transactional capabilities. The Merchant Card Payments API provides transactions using card payments APIs that includes; authorize, capture, sale, void and query transactions. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The Dow Jones Content API [Beta] supports the search and retrieval of news and other items from the Factiva content platform. Apart from implement curation of news articles the API's endpoints can be used to access individual articles and sets of complete news articles. It also facilitates content searches using a variety of parameters including organization codes and accession numbers. The API returns responses JSON format and is still a Beta release.
 The Dow Jones Organizations API allows developers to build applications for searching and retrieving company profiles. The API is deployed in combination with the Factiva Taxonomy API which is responsible for translating search queries into the recommended Factiva codes required for the profile searches. It sends requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 The OCBC Deposit Machines And Safe Boxes API provides a list of OCBC Deposit Machines and Branches with their location details to identify the number of deposit machines and branches at a given address and provides specific instructions to get there. The Deposit Machines And Safe Boxes API allows you to map out deposit machines and branches to help users locate them and guides them to a nearby Quick Cheque Deposit as well as the location data of every OCBC Quick Cheque Deposit. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Branches and Centres API provides a list of OCBC bank branches and centres location details and operating hours. It allows access to view the operating hours of each branch or centre to help users plan their visit. The Branches and Centres API allows you to map out OCBC branches and centres, locate them and find a branch or centre that provides the services that are needed. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Study Loans API provides an update list of OCBC Study Loans that finance your university studies. It allows access to Get loan details such as loan amount, interest rates, benefits and more. The Study Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Secured Overdraft API provides an updated list of OCBC Secured Overdraft that pledge assets to the bank as security. It allows access to Get loan details such as description and interest rates and more. The Secured Overdraft API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Property Loans API provides an updated list of OCBC Property Loans that help you build your dream house. It allows access to Get loan details such as description, loan amount and more. The Property Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Home Loans API provides an updated list of OCBC Home Loans that are available to buy a house. It allows access to Get loan details such as loan amount, interest rates, benefits and more. The Home Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Cash Loans API provides a list of OCBC Cash Loans that you can borrow from. It allows access to Get loan details such as loan amount, interest rates, benefits and more. The Cash Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Car Loans API provides an updated list of OCBC Car Loans that finance your car purchase. It allows access to Get loan details such as loan amount, interest rates, benefits and more. The Car Loans API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Unit Trust API provides users with an updated list of available Unit Trusts that allows access to product details on how it works, benefits, key risks and more. The Unit Trust API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the risk profile of your users. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Treasury API provides users with an updated list of available Treasury products to grow your money. It allows access to product details on how it works, benefits, key risks and more. The Treasury API refines search criteria that filters the products to fetch only the desired results that are tailored to the risk profile of your users. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
ocbc-equity-&-forex didn't extract the description
 This API provides a list of OCBC Travel Insurance Policies for coverage while travelling that is updated regularly.. That allows you to Refine Your Search Criteria and Filter out policies to fetch only the results that you are interested in. This API has access to Policy Details that Gets premiums, benefits, coverage and more. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 [This API is no longer available. Its functions have been split among the following APIs: Advicent Narrator Connect Naviplan Fact Finder, and Advicent Narrator Connect Naviplan Financial Planning. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
The Advicent Narrator Connect API allows financial services firms to implement financial planning elements throughout their clients' ongoing interactions with the firm. The API helps your company diversify itself in the marketplace by using Advicent's precise calculations. You can build upon these calculations with APIs and tell your story with technology.
From on-boarding to updating financial plans, to projecting different scenarios, the Narrator Connect API empowers firms to develop unique and innovative solutions that capture and engage clients.
 koomalooma is a loyalty API for mobile and web companies offered as a BPaaS (Business Process as a Service). With koomalooma merchants issue points for actions, their customers/users make on your mobile or web store, for example a purchase or a referral.
koomalooma offers an easy to integrate API and web backend to configure loyalty campaigns and track performance. With koomalooma, you outsource the entire rewards and loyalty process.
With this API, you canDisplay to your web or mobile user the amount of loyalty or incentive points the user	will earn for a specific actionDisplay the amount of points the user earned after completing the action, the total balance of points earned to date and redirect the user to signup and reward catalog site.Use the koomalooma partner panel to define specific loyalty campaigns for each mobile or web property and to generate the code to be pasted into your application.Use the koomalooma partner panel to monitor the performance of your campaign.Rewards are available in over 80 countries and are tailored to suit the needs of users in each specific market.
Registration to the koomalooma backend is free and works on a pay as you go model.
 The Barchart getCrypto API offers symbol price data for cyprocurrencies. The API supports last price, price change, high, low, close, and percent change parameters. getCrypto supports current cryptocurrencies, and more emerging cryptocurrencies are added daily. Barchart is a Chicago based provider of market data and financial technology solutions.
 The Barchart OnDemand getCryptoHistory API offers historical data for all major cryptocurrencies. The following platforms are supported: Augur, BitConnect, Dash, Ethereum Classic, Monero, NEO, Nxt, Stellar, and Zcash (more are added daily). Barchart is a Chicago based provider of market data and financial technology solutions.
 Compliance.ai provides users with programmatic access to financial regulation data for use in a variety of applications. The API enables developers to add valuable features like topic based search and filters to get real-time insights on changes in the regulatory environment. The API automatically aggregates data from: Federal & State agencies, Enforcements, Regulatory publications from press and independent agencies, White papers, Millions of existing and new rules, Executive orders, and Notices.
The API allows for seamless integration of the latest updates in regulations for financial institutions and businesses. With the integration of Compliance.ai’s data, developers can build new applications, features, and feed information into existing GRC platforms, FinTech application, content management systems and more.
With this API you can to instantly access financial regulatory information, using a SMART platform (Search, Monitor, Access, Research and Track financial regulatory information), in real-time.
Currently, you can search documents (/v1/search), agencies (/v1/agencies), suggestion (/v1/suggestion), get PDF (/v1/pdf ), and IFrame (/v1/iframe ).
This API requires registration and an API Key for access.
 The OCBC Maternity Insurance API provides a list of OCBC Maternity Insurance policies that is updated regularly. It allows you to Refine Your Search Criteria, Filter out policies to fetch only the desired results, and Access Policy Details that Get policy premiums, benefits, coverage and more. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Life Insurance API provides a list of OCBC Life Insurance policies that is updated regularly. It allows you to Refine Your Search Criteria, Filter out policies to fetch only the desired results, and Access Policy Details that Get policy premiums, benefits, coverage and more. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
ocbc-home-&-mortgage-insurance didn't extract the description
 The OCBC Endowment Insurance API provides a list of OCBC Endowment Insurance policies that is updated regularly. It allows you to; Refine Your Search Criteria, Filter policies to fetch desired results, and access Policy Details that Get premiums, benefits, coverage and more. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Car Insurance API provides a list of OCBC Car Insurance Policies that is updated regularly. It allows users the ability to filter out policies to fetch desired results, Get a list of insurance policies tailored to the benefits that your users are looking for, and obtain recommended car insurance with details that includes; Get policy details, premiums, benefits, coverage and more. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Debit Card Advisor provides debit card suggestions based on your user's lifestyle. It allows you to design your app with a short questionnaire to obtain the traits of your user's lifestyle so that relevant debit card recommendations will be returned instantaneously. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The Paysafe Card Payments API offers a full suite of credit and debit card functionality to meet all your card-processing needs. Paysafe is an online payment solution based in the UK.
 The OCBC Current Accounts API provides a list of OCBC Current Accounts that Get account details such as eligibility, minimum deposit, benefits, and more! The API's retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications and allows you to create a Financial Literacy App for children. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Foreign Accounts API provides a list of OCBC Foreign Currency Accounts and a filter for foreign accounts to fetch only the results that you are interested in. It allows you to get foreign account details including; eligibility, minimum deposit, benefits, and more! The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Savings Accounts API provides an updated list of OCBC Savings Accounts and access to savings account details that Get eligibility, minimum deposit, benefits, and more! The API's retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Children Accounts API provides a list of OCBC Children's Accounts, access to Children's Account Details and allows you to get children's account details such as eligibility, minimum deposit, benefits, and more! The API's retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications and allows you to create a Financial Literacy App for children. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Deposit Accounts API retrieves a list of OCBC deposit accounts for your everyday deposits and withdrawals. It provides users with a recommended list of deposit accounts upon assessment, and shows users the comparison results between the various deposit accounts options. It allows you to refine the search criteria filter for deposit accounts to fetch only the results that you are interested in and get deposit account details that include; eligibility, minimum deposit, benefits, and more! The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The OCBC Credit Card Advisor API provides credit card suggestions based on your user's lifestyle. It allows you to design your app with a short questionnaire to obtain the traits of your user's lifestyle so that relevant credit card recommendations will be returned instantaneously. The API’s retrieve OCBC bank data that enables integration into your applications. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
ocbc-accident-&-health-insurance didn't extract the description
 Vantiv's eProtect and OmniToken for Enterprise solutions help solve your card-not-present challenges by virtually eliminating payment data from your order handling systems, transferring the ownership to Vantiv and reducing PCI applicable controls. It controls the fields on your checkout page that hold sensitive card data and includes; Authorize transactions, Sales transactions, Force capture transactions, and more. The eProtect feature is compatible with the following; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems, and Browsers; Visa Checkout, Internet Explorer 8, Chrome 1, Android 2.3, Apple iOS 3.2, Windows Phone 10 and more. The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 This Vantiv service allows you to integrate the Customer Browser JavaScript API eProtect solution into your checkout page. This includes; Authorize transactions, Sales transactions, Force capture transactions, and more. Vantiv's eProtect solution features are that it controls the fields on your checkout page that collect sensitive cardholder data. The eProtect feature is compatible with the following; Native Applications on Mobile Operating Systems, and Browsers; Internet Explorer 8, Chrome 1, Android 2.3, Apple iOS 3.2, Windows Phone 10 and more. The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Account Updater API enables you to receive updated credit card information without having to contact each customer individually with some features that includes: New account number and/or new expiration date, Account closed notification, Contact customer notification, Engage in recurring billing, and more. Account Updater is an optional product that allows you to request and receive updated information concerning MasterCard, Visa, and Discover cardholder accounts. It is used to offer a recurring billing payment plan for customers. It provides a way to integrate complex online payments that connect to shopping carts, or adding disruptive technologies to your online stores. This type of billing includes subscription services, membership fees, multi-payment programs, and various preferred customer programs. The eCommerce platform has rich payment processing features that developers can use to build payment enabled applications. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Vantiv LitleXML CNP API provides a way to send and receive secure XML encoded transactions for both batch and online transactions. It has detailed information about card not present, API XML message format, and transaction examples and Certification test cases. It is used for payment processing with Vantiv, LLC. to perform unattended transaction testing and attended that, certification testing with Vantiv, and transaction processing using cnpAPI. This includes; Testing and certification process, Authorization Transactions, Authorization Reversal Transactions, Activate Transactions and more. Vantiv provides online or in-store payment processing solutions, payment applications for a mobile application, next generation POS, and eCommerce website solutions, for various partners, as well as the customers they serve.
 The Intrinio Vienna Stock Exchange Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of end of day prices from the Vienna Stock Exchange in Austria. Available data includes the high, low, open, close, and volume for all stocks as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. The most recent trade data is available as well as data going back to 2007.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Helsinki Stock Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of end of day prices from the NASDAQ Helsinki in Finland. Available data includes the high, low, open, close, and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. This feed includes the most recent trading data and historical data back to 2007.
 The Intrinio Berlin Stock Exchange Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of end of day prices from the Berlin Stock Exchange in Germany. Available data includes the high, low, open, close, and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. This feed includes the most recent trading data and historical data back to 2007.
 The OCBC GIRO API allow users to track their expenditures and advises them on ways to increase their monthly savings and provides a way to make bill payments directly from your app. It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of optional query parameters that is returned in a JSON formatted response. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 Sophtron's Banking and Billing API allows access to clients' financial data including account detail, balance, due date, transactions. Account types include bank, credit card, utility, internet, phone, and any other online bill payment accounts.
 The Intrinio Munich Stock Prices API offers end of day stock prices on the MUN German stock exchange. The API supports high, low, open, close, volume, split ratio, and adjusted prices for each stock. The API offers historical data that goes back to 2007. Data is provided in CSV and JSON. Access prices differ per individuals, startups, and developers. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio XETRA German Stock Prices API connects an application with a financial platform that delivers end of day stock prices on XETRA (a German stock exchange). The API supports high, low, open, close, volume, split ratio, and adjusted prices for each stock. The API offers historical data that goes back to 2007. Data is available in CSV and JSON. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Luxembourg Stock Prices API allows access to end of day stock prices on the German stock exchange LUX. The API supports high, low, open, close, volume, split ratio, and adjusted prices for each stock. Data is updated daily, and offers historical information (goes back to 2007). Data is available in CSV and JSON. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Visa Supplier Matching Service API simplifies and hastens the identification of suppliers that accept Visa Commercial payment products. It returns responses of supplier information matching the specified search parameters. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format. Although the API’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers, its production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 Visa B2B Virtual Account Payment Method provides a secure and flexible platform that businesses can use to deploy virtual accounts as B2B portals for automating the process of paying suppliers. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format. Its production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 Visa Payments Processing API provides a direct link to Visa’s global payment system through which Visa clients including approved merchants, acquirers and acquirer processors can process card-not-present payments. The API conveys requests and responses in JSON format. Although the API’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers, its production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 Visa B2B Connect is a platform for developing interactive payments solutions for banks and their corporate clients. Currently open to only participating pilot banks, the Visa B2B Connect API supports the development of applications that enable end-to-end processing of B2B payments of transactions in a variety of currencies and across international borders. The API is currently a beta release and provides endpoints for Bank, Company, Reference Data, and Payments. Although the API’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers, its production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 The Visa Card Eligibility Service facilitates the determination of cardholders’ eligibility to offers and benefits on the basis of card numbers. The Visa Card Eligibility API enables developers to integrate resources for validating the eligibility of cards. It conveys requests and responses in JSON format. Although the API’s Sandbox environment is accessible to developers, its production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 The Visa Digital Card and Account Services is a simple, secure, and efficient platform designed for use by issuers in the management of the account information of cardholders. Integration of the Visa Card Inquiry API makes it possible for cardholders to use their mobile or online banking apps as channels for completing inquiries or management their card information. The API’s production environment is restricted to approved partners.
 The Intrinio Madrid Stock Exchange Prices API gives developers programmatic access to a data feed of end of day stock prices from the Madrid Stock Exchange in Spain. Available data includes the high, low, open, close, and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. This data goes back to 2007 and is updated daily.
 The TSX Venture NEX Stock Exchange Prices API provides programmatic access to a data feed of end of day stock prices for all securities trading on the TSX Venture NEX Stock Exchange in Canada. Available data includes the high, low, open, close, and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. Data is available back to 2007 and is updated daily.
 The Intrinio Canadian National Stock Exchange Prices API is a data feed that provides end of day stock prices (EOD) from the Canadian National Stock Exchange. Available data includes the high, low, close, and volume for each stock as well as adjusted prices for splits and dividends. This data goes back to 2007 and is updated daily.
 Visa’s Preauhtorized Payment Cancellation Service supports the processing of customer-initiated stop payment requests for electronic funds transfers, such as installments payments, that are preauthorized. Developers use the Visa Stop Payment Order API to build apps that implement functions such as add, update, or delete a stop payment request. The API transmits requests and responses in JSON format.
 The Visa Travel Notification Service is a useful platform for preventing mistaken purchases declines attributable to traveling cardholders. The service is meant to facilitate the incorporation of cardholders’ self-reported travel plans into the VisaNet authorization message. Developers seeking to integrate the functionality for reporting travel itinerary to Visa have at their disposal the Visa Travel Notification API. The API sends requests in JSON format.
 The Visa Mobile Location Confirmation service API makes it easier for Visa Card issuers to access enhanced security features including Authorization score and VisaNet’s location match Indicator. Although the API’s sandbox environment is accessible by any developer, its production environment is restricted to Visa issuers because the issuers can access the enhanced score and Location Match Indicator only through the VisaNet authorization message. The API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format.
 The Unblu Web API returns financial data for banking applications such as accounts, contacts, domains, and statistics. It's available in REST architecture with JSON formats. Unblu provides secure co-browsing services to connect bank and other business institutions to their customers.
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Long-Term Growth Estimates API provides programmatic access to a data feed of consensus estimates of the long-term earnings per share growth rate for US and Canadian companies. It offers more than 4,500 consensus estimates, including quarterly and annual estimates of earnings as well as high, low, mean, and median data points for stocks.
 The Intrinio Zacks Historical Long-Term Growth Estimates API provides programmatic access to a data feed of more than 4,500 historical consensus estimates of long-term growth of earnings per share for US and Canadian companies. This data can be used for detailed backtesting of Zacks estimates or to estimate future earnings. Five years of historical data are provided, and more is available upon request.
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Price Targets API provides programmatic access to a data feed of consensus estimates of future stock prices for US and Canadian companies. The feed provides both quarterly and annual estimates for more than 4,500 stocks including high, low, mean, and median estimates, as well as percent change and standard deviation.
 The Intrinio Zacks Historical Price Targets API provides programmatic access to a data feed of more than 4,500 current and historical consensus estimates of future stock prices for US and Canadian companies. It includes high, low, mean, and median estimates, as well as percent change and standard deviation. This feed includes five years of historical data, and more is available upon request.
 The Nexchange API provides crypto currency exchange that includes Get Currencies, Get Pairs, Latest Ticker, Ticker History and more. NexchangeIO is a secure open source crypto to crypto exchange service for BTC - Bitcoin, LTC - Litecoin and ETH - Ethereum.
 The Advicent Narrator Connect Naviplan Financial Planning API supports the ability to view various aspects of the financial plans generated within the Naviplan® financial planning tool. It enables firms to deliver financial applications using a customizable, integrated, and differentiated experience and supports the ability to retrieve goals, cash flows, and other financial information. Advicent provides a way to engage on financial planning topics to take customer feedback in order to assist advisors in their workflows. They offer solutions to guide clients through the financial planning process, context surrounding a client’s financial plan, and create an experience for clients as they engage with you on your digital platform that includes access to information and tools, such as financial plans, personal financial management, account aggregation, secure document sharing, collaboration tools, and more.
 The Advicent Narrator Connect Naviplan Fact Finder API is used for accessing the Narrator Fact Finder and provides a way to capture your client’s demographic information, current financial status and goals. Advicent provides a way to engage on financial planning topics to take customer feedback in order to assist advisors in their workflows. They offer solutions to guide clients through the financial planning process, context surrounding a client’s financial plan, and create an experience for clients as they engage with you on your digital platform that includes access to information and tools, such as financial plans, personal financial management, account aggregation, secure document sharing, collaboration tools, and more.
 The Intrinio EPS Surprises API compares pre-earnings estimates with actual earnings reported by companies (used to identify Earnings Per Share surprises). If there is a significant difference between both quantities, the API will provide related information by the research analysts. Data is available in CSV and JSON. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 Ininal is a Turkish provider of universal prepaid cards that can be used online or in automated teller machines (ATMs) around the world. The ininal API allows developers to build fintech apps for prepaid or credit cards.
 The Intrinio Corporate Events Dates API provides programmatic access to a feed of more that 25 corporate action date data points for over 6,000 companies. The feed includes dividend pay dates, ex-dates, currency, amount, frequency, upcoming earnings dates, conference call dates, and broadcast URLs. It covers both US and global securities.
 The US OTC Bulletin Board Prices API gives developers programmatic access to a feed of daily updates for all stocks trading on the OTC Bulletin Board. This feed includes both adjusted and unadjusted prices as well as volume, open, low, high, and close prices. It also includes dividends, adjustments, and splits. The feed is updated at 10pm EST.
 The Intrinio Zacks Sales Surprises API gives analysts and developers access to a data feed of pre-earnings release consensus sales estimates for thousands of US and Canadian stocks. These estimates are aggregated, validated, and compared to non-GAAP sales reported by the company, which gives the amount and percent surprise on release
 Some features of the Workday SOAP based web service are operations that expose Workday Payroll data for integration with third parties such as time and attendance, operations that relate to Workday Identity and Access Management and operations that expose Workday Financials Cash Management data and data relative to banking that includes; Identity_Management, Payroll, Cash_Management and more. Workday offers a broad portfolio of services that span the full Workday lifecycle, is the enterprise cloud for Finance and HR.
[Editor's Note: There is one WSDL file per API resource. This profile only connects to one of those files. Be sure to look for the others on the provider's developer portal.]
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Analyst Ratings API provides applications with buy, sell, and hold recommendations by professional financial analysts. The API supports over 4,500 companies with average rating, number of analysts, and rating dates. Data is available in CSV and JSON. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Intrinio Zacks Historical Analyst Ratings API offers buy, sell, and hold recommendations from brokerages across any time period. This data is aggregated and validated by Zack's research team. The API supports US and Canadian securities, quarterly and annual earnings estimates, historical estimates, average ratings, and ratings date. Data is available in CSV and JSON. Intrinio is a provider of financial services that delivers data collection, data entry, and data analysis tools.
 The Thomson Reuters Data Fusion GraphFeed API supports the integration of data processing functionality in financial apps. The API sends requests in URI Query String/CRUD format and returns JSON-formatted responses.
thomson-reuters-knowledge-direct-(trkd) didn't extract the description
thomson-reuters-eikon-side-by-side-integration didn't extract the description
 The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (OCBC) is a Singapore-based bank that has operations spanning 17 countries. The OCBC Account Transaction History API allows developers to integrate the functionalities for accessing the account transaction histories of OCBC customers. It is a useful platform for building financial services apps including banking, accounting, and budgeting apps that can assist customers to plan and manage their personal finance targets. The API returns JSON responses and requires token authentication. The API is currently a beta release.
 The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (OCBC) is a Singapore-based bank that has operations spanning 17 countries. The OCBC Rewards Calculator facilitates the calculation of a user’s redeemable rewards attributable to their OCBC loyalty accounts. Developers can make API calls using the HTTP method and URI Query String. The API returns responses in JSON format.
 The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (OCBC) is a Singapore-based bank that has operations spanning 17 countries. The OCBC Pay Anyone facilitates money transfer to any recipients without using their bank account numbers. This is made possible by use of alternative credentials that include email addresses and Facebook accounts. The API returns JSON responses and requires token authentication. The API is currently a beta release.
 Interactive Brokers Group (IB) is a provider of investment management tools for stock exchanges and money markets. The Interactive Brokers Group TWS (Trader Workstation) API allows developers to implement the automated trading functionality in apps. This makes it easier for IB users to access, monitor, and manage their account activities including requesting market data, viewing balances, and tracking investment portfolio real time.
 The Intrinio Zacks Historical Earnings Estimates API provides programmatic access to current and historical estimates of earnings from Zacks Investment Research for US and Canadian securities. The available data includes quarterly and annual estimates of earnings per share, estimate dates, fiscal periods, the percent change, and the standard deviation of estimates. Developers can use this data to estimate future earnings and to perform detailed back testing analysis of Zacks estimates.
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Earnings Estimates API provides programmatic access to analyst estimates of future earnings for thousands of US and Canadian securities from Zacks Investment Research. Information available through this API includes quarterly and annual estimates of earnings, estimate dates, fiscal periods, the percent change, and the standard deviation of estimates.
 The Flinks API mirrors the complete authentication process for a bank that includes; Get Accounts Summary, Get Accounts Detail, Get Statements and more. It allows you to validate account ownership, verify account balance and access transaction history. Flinks provides a way to connect applications with Canadian bank accounts.
 The Intrinio Zacks Historical Sales Estimates API provides programmatic access to current and historical estimates of sales from Zacks Investment Research for US and Canadian securities. This information includes both quarterly and annual sales estimates, estimate dates, the percentage change, and the standard deviation of estimates. This SDK can be used for backtesting of Zacks estimates as well as valuation analysis.
 This SOAP API is Forte’s merchant web services that include the following parameters; Client, Transactions, Merchant and AGI Transaction. It allows you to create and manage client and payment method tokens, search and pull transaction information and Forte Payment pull hierarchy data. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Forte Payments Webhooks API allows you access to Forte's webhook payloads and depending on these subscriptions, multiple events can occur during an operation with examples for; Sale Transaction Webhook, Customer Webhook, and Payment Method Webhook. Forte notifies merchants about events through subscriptions and provides near-real-time notifications about the events that occur during a transaction through POSTs to a customer-defined endpoint with the following resources: Transactions, Schedules, Customers and more. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Forte Checkouts API enables you to make payments on your site with a few lines of code that includes methods for; sale, schedule, token and auth, for Visa, Mast, Amex, Dine and more. It creates a customizable JavaScript button that sits on top of your existing site with Up-to-date customer data, Advanced form field settings and more. Checkouts Pay Now button uses an HTML form POST action with a signature. When the button with coded parameters on the client side is activated, Forte servers read the parameters and populate the modal window. It includes a Forte namespaced version of jQuery that won't conflict with other client-side jQuery code. Forte’s Checkouts supported browsers are Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome and Safari. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Forte Payment Systems platform captures purchase information via swipe or key entry, processes credit card, EFT, and recurring transactions, automatically responds to your point-of-sale machine approving or denying the transaction and uploads completed transaction information to Forte’s Virtual Terminal application. It allows you to format, create, and process messages with data methods of data transmission that includes; SSL, SOAP, or RAW HTTP. Forte provides a way to build scalable, secure payment applications for In-person, Online, Mobile and Recurring, suite of single source payment solutions for merchants and developers.
 The Intrinio TipRanks Blogger Ratings API provides programmatic access to a data feed of buy and sell opinions on US stocks from financial bloggers, along with their respective blogs. Back testing is available to help determine the accuracy of past opinions for a given blogger or blog. Developers should contact Intrinio if they are interested in historical data.
 The Intrinio TipRanks Analyst Ratings API provides programmatic access to a data feed that includes target prices and buy, sell, or hold recommendations for US stocks from financial analysts, along with the firms those analysts represent. Back testing is available to help determine the accuracy of past ratings for a given analyst or firm. Developers should contact Intrinio if they are interested in historical data.
 The Zynx Health API provides access to Zynx Content in the Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources standard format. FHIR is a specification for exchanging healthcare data. Zynx Health provides evidence based clinical decision support solutions for providers to improve care quality.
 The Rise Marketplace Product API provides a product catalog that identifies financial products suitable for a person based on their personal circumstances, according to data found in comparisons and lists. It is available with OAuth2 authentication, Swagger 2.0 JSON file type, and JSON and URI as request and response formats.
 The Profitspi Technical Indicators API aims to provide dynamic results for a large number of technical analysis calculations such as Moving Averages, Accumulation Distribution, Bollinger Bands, MACD, Relative Strength Index, Beta, Sharpe Ratio, Stochastics, and others.
 The Profitspi Backtesting API allows for developers to enable users to build and test trading strategies. The API intends to offer custom technical criteria that can be created for Buy and Sell trade entry and exit rules together with stops and targets. Further, the API aims to offer tests that can be run for a custom range of historical dates against specific symbols or against multi-holding portfolios using position sizing rules.
 The PredictiveOps API provides access to Predictive Inc.'s repository of SEC Form ADV data. The PredictiveOps API contains an archive of information relating to Form ADV filings, including Part 1, Schedule A, Schedule B, Schedule D, Form PF, and Disclosure Reporting Pages. In addition to providing Form ADV data, the PredictiveOps API can generate a list of changes between two Form ADV filing dates. The PredictiveOps API also provides a list of all newly filed Form ADVs for the current day.
 The OCBC Education Calculator API estimates a student education amount. Developers can call the interface via HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters, receiving responses as a JSON data object. Some features include estimated education cost and years, total savings, and investment amount. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The Teller API enables your applications to connect with all of your users' bank accounts across institutions, using a single thoughtfully-designed HTTP API to move money, make payments, view transactions, and more.
The API allows you to: view accounts, check balances, view transaction history, make transfers between accounts, make payments to 3rd parties, create, view & destroy payees, view & cancel direct debits, and view & cancel standing orders.
The Teller API is HTTPS only. All requests to the Teller API must be authenticated via Personal Access Tokens, or TAuth (essentially OAuth 2.0 implicit grant where the client authenticates using SSL client certificate).
 FinFolio wealthlab.io is a REST API for portfolio management and trading to import and store data, run calculations and reports, trade, rebalance and bill your portfolios, that stores households, clients, accounts and securities. Some features include; Client billing and payouts, Financial Calculations, Custodial Imports and more. FinFolio's wealthlab.io is a headless, stand-alone API version of the main FinFolio portfolio management application that is built on a mature code base. FinFolio provides a portfolio management software solution for investment advisors and money managers.
wealthapi.io is the most robust portfolio management and accounting API available to financial services technology teams. Our API allows Broker Dealers, TAMPs, RIAs, banks, FinTech apps and custodians to save years and hundreds of thousands of dollars on development of boring backend functionality like time weighted return or complex rebalancing trade logic + much much more. FinTech today is moving fast, and wealthAPI allows you to leapfrog the competition and focus on building an exceptional client experience, fast.
 The Ohpen API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Ohpen with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Ohpen is a cloud-based SAAS for banking systems.
 The Rise Marketplace Member API allows members to be authenticated and verified with the use of passwords and email addresses. A Member is a known user of the Platform as they have gone through a Registration process in order to become a Member of the Platform. Available with OAuth2 authentication, Swagger 2.0 JSON file type, and JSON and URI as request and response formats.
 The Rise Marketplace Cashflow APIs allow users to build a range of Cashflow, Budgeting and Personal Financial Management (PFM) style Apps. The Cashflow APIs work together with the Wallet APIs to keep track of money-in and money-out and analyze and graph this information. Available with OAuth2 authentication, Swagger 2.0 JSON file type, and JSON and URI as request and response formats.
 The Rice Marketplace Wallet API is the equivalent of an account or a store of value. A Wallet can be used to hold currency to track its increases and decreases over time. It is available with OAuth2 authentication, Swagger 2.0 JSON file type, and JSON and URI as request and response formats.
 The Rise Marketplace Investment Calculator API calculates the investment returns for a specified member for a given investment type. The investment type is one of the Investment / Revenue Tips such as SalarySacrificeSuper or BuyInvestmentProperty. The API returns a list of investment values for every year of the investment. This information can be used to graph investment returns over a number of years. It is available with OAuth2 authentication, Swagger 2.0 JSON file type, and JSON and URI as request and response formats.
 The Insurance Calculator APIs aims to simplify the effort of building insurance calculators. The APIs can be used to easily build life insurance, income protection, and coverage requirements. Available with OAuth2 authentication, Swagger 2.0 JSON file type, and JSON and URI as request and response formats.
 The Third Party Trade API gives developers access to a licensed brokerage suite for launching their own trading, investing, banking, or wealth management products. End users can create investment accounts instantly without a paper or web signature, and developers can obtain holdings and transaction information from accounts in real time. The Third Party Trade API includes methods for verifying and processing account funding transactions, as well as for creating, modifying, and viewing orders for trading securities. The API can also access financial information that can be used to build non-transactional finance portals.
 Woodseer Dividend Forecasting provide full forecasts (date and amount) going ahead 24 months for 40,000+ listings across 950+ indices in 100+ countries. All forecasts are algorithmically generated and manually reviewed by our London-based team of analysts. Woodseer is the product of a partnership between EDI (est. 1994) and DividendMax (est. 2011).
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website. It allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site, control the user experience, and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers. This includes; Coupon, FraudCheck, InvoiceItem, TransactionReview, Subscription and more. Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites, mobile apps and in-person.
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device. This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce, m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes; Hosted Checkout, Hosted Session, Direct Payment and Batch. It also includes a variety of channels such as; Web/eCommerce, Mail-order/Telephone-order, Call centre/IVR, Mobile/mCommerce, SMS, and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 The MasterCard Payment Gateway sends Webhook notifications in the format that you configure in either REST or NVP for Merchant Administration. It allows you to configure a global notification URL in Merchant Administration to receive notifications for all transaction updates at the URL. The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce, m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes; Hosted Checkout, Hosted Session, Direct Payment and Batch. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 The Mastercard Payment Gateway Service delivers an enhanced digital payment experience on any device. This enables customers to accept and process transactions across e-commerce, m-commerce and cardholder present channels and includes; Hosted Checkout, Hosted Session, Direct Payment and Batch. Operations are sent to the gateway as HTTP POST operations with all arguments as name-value pairs in the HTTP body. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 Mastercard Qkr is a mobile payments platform that allows consumers to order and pay for goods and services using their smart device. It enables partners to embed merchant embedded Masterpass registration, card management and checkout flows directly into their mobile commerce apps. Generate sales reports and view real time analytics, gather and respond to consumer feedback, manage your product inventory and your customer experience. Some functions include; Pay-at-Table, Open Tab, Order ahead and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 Spend Controls enables cardholders to temporarily turn off their card or receive alerts for all, set transaction controls and alert rules based on transaction amount, transaction type, home country and more. It allows cardholders to manage their spending by setting alerts for transactions and setting decline rules based on transaction amount and transaction type. The service also provides the capability for cardholders to temporarily stop all transactions on their card while allowing recurring transactions to continue, and allows for alerts on all transactions. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for Individuals, Business, Travel and Leisure, Airlines, Telecommunications, Retail, Gaming, Entertainment and more.
 The Simplify Commerce API is a secure platform to build payments into an app or website. The Webhook Objects represent HTTP endpoints that will receive callbacks after various events. The API allows you to add PCI-compliant payment pages to a site, control the user experience, and all of the sensitive payments data is stored on Mastercard servers. This includes; Coupon, FraudCheck, InvoiceItem, TransactionReview, Subscription and more. Simplify Commerce provides a way to implement an all-in-one payment solution for websites, mobile apps and in-person.
 The Jasmin API is a RESTful web service and uses the OAuth 2.0 protocol to authenticate 3rd party applications. Every API endpoint follows the same structure, reflecting the specific target subscription and the module in which the service resides. The Business API exposes the functions of the Jasmin application and can be used for a variety of purposes such as creating transactions like invoices and credit notes, and getting business data. Jasmin Software is cloud Business Management software from a company called Primavera based in Portugal.
 The WICG Web Budget API supports the retrieval of the budget amounts and the costs attributable to background operations. The API’s silent push functionality allows developers to work from the background without involving users, especially when using the Google Chrome 60 browser. But developers can use alternative methods, such as getBudget and getCost, that are available through a Github resource link in the APIs documentation.
 This API is an Open Banking standard that allows you to register an intent to retrieve account information by creating an “account request”. This registers the data “permissions”, expiration and transaction history timeframe the customer (PSU) has consented to provide to the AISP; and Subsequently retrieve account and transaction data. Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers.
 The Payment Initiation API Specification describes the flows and payloads for initiating a single immediate domestic payment. The endpoints allow a PISP to; Register an intent to setup a payment instruction, Subsequently submit the payment instruction for processing and Optionally retrieve the status of a payment setup or submission. Open banking provides a way to share customer information securely with personalized financial advice to third party providers.
 The TrueLayer REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of TrueLayer with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include listing accounts, retrieving account balances, and retrieving account transactions. TrueLayer provides developers with tools to integrate banking systems and infrastructure with financial services products.
 This Mastercard web service allows you to make commerce simple with the Masterpass Chatbot. It enables you to set up a Facebook Messenger Chatbot and connect with a Masterpass Enabled Merchant to process a payment in-chat. Quickly and easily integrate Masterpass payment technology into conversational commerce experiences that supports commerce payments in popular messaging platforms that includes; Facebook Messenger, Skype, Telegram, Slack and more. MasterCard is a financial technical company that provides electronic payments globally for individuals and business.
 The Intrinio Zacks Current Sales Estimates API allows developers to access insights from Zacks Investment Research for use in analyst estimates of future sales of US and Canadian securities. Available information includes quarterly and annual estimates of earnings, estimate dates, the percent change, and the standard deviation of estimates. More than 4,500 consensus estimates are provided.
 This simple plaintext query API allows you to retrieve data from blockchain.info. Blockchain provides tools for open and accessible financial software solutions that help you build Bitcoin apps.
 The WebSocket API allows developers to receive Real-Time notifications about new transactions and blocks. it provides Real-Time blockchain data from Blockchain.info. Blockchain provides tools for open and accessible financial software solutions that help you build Bitcoin apps.
 The Blockchain Market Prices and Exchanges Rates API returns a blockcahin.info JSON object with the currency codes as keys. Blockchain provides tools for open and accessible financial software solutions that help you build Bitcoin apps.
 The Sandbox Banking REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Sandbox with other applications. Some example API methods include managing customers, managing accounts, managing loans, and managing transactions. Sandbox Banking provides solutions to integrate new software with banking systems.
 Afterbanks provides a bank aggregation system designed for the Spanish, Portuguese, and Mexican markets. Applications can integrate with Afterbanks in order to obtain balances and diverse information in real time. The API supports 54 banks, and 256-bit encryption. JSON is the preferred exchange format. Developers can connect up to 5 accounts for free; paid plans that support advanced features are also available.
intrinio-national-stock-exchange-(nse)-of-india-stock-prices didn't extract the description
 The Intrinio US Executive Contacts and Compensation API allows developers to get detailed information on executives, directors, officers, board members and other key figures at US companies. This information includes email addresses, phone numbers, and compensation. Compensation information is available for the most recent period as well as historically going back to 2013.
 The Alta5 API allows developers to access and integrate the functionalities of Alta5 with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include running queries, retrieving data by date and amount, and creating and managing bots. Alta5 offers automation services for online trading and brokerage accounts.
 The BBVA Notifications API provides a way for developers to set up basic delivery configuration parameters for a specific application. The API allows you to get notified in real time of your customers banking transactions. It provides methods to retrieve and or delete the subscriptions associated to the application that allows for the following operations; Create, retrieve, update and delete the configuration parameters for an application, Get all the subscriptions associated to an application and Delete a subscription associated to an application. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 This API provides a way to create and service your customers debit card needs with the operations that are available for debit cards. These services require that the card be linked before executing and allows third party applications to perform the following operations; Retrieve all debit cards for a user, Get details of a debit card, Block or cancel a debit card when it has been lost, stolen or compromised and Link/Unlink a card to a user. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The Compass Accounts API will allow your application to retrieve BBVA accounts for the logged user, get detailed information of a specific account and link or unlink accounts to your application. It provides a way to creating a neobank or an account affiliate, and to develop a financial app that accesses bank account transactions. This service will allow you to leverage the API and provides a way for your customers to create a new checking account and access key account data through your site or app. BBVA Compass APIs are implemented using (HATEOAS) Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State. HATEOAS enables interaction and construction of an API flow through provided hyperlinks. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The Payments API provides a way to send money from an authorized user’s BBVA account to any bank account, domestic or cross border. It allows third party applications to perform money transfers from a BBVA user’s account that includes the following operations: Money Transfer, Transfer Simulation, Scheduled Transfer and more. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 This API allows third party applications to interact with the cards of a BBVA user and provides operations for Card list, Card detail and Card transactions. Gain access to the card information of your customers to trace all purchases your users make with their cards, using a few simple REST services. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The BBVA Compass Payments Services provides the methods available for money movement between accounts and allows you to; Initiate transfers between BBVA Compass accounts and third party accounts, Cancel and/or reverse a transfer, Check the status of an individual transfer and more. It allows you to send and receive money with secure transfer fund capabilities. BBVA Compass APIs are implemented using (HATEOAS) Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State. HATEOAS enables interaction and construction of an API flow through provided hyperlinks. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business
 The Intrinio TipRanks News Sentiment API allows developers to get the latest news sentiment for a stock or to access historic data for back testing. This data feed combines the volume of discussion regarding a stock with the number of bullish or bearish articles regarding a stock to provide investors with useful insights. This API can return data in either JSON or CSV format.
 The Intrinio NASDAQ Global Press Releases API provides developers with access to all press releases published by Nasdaq GlobeNewsire and Marketwired. These include earnings releases, corporate events, lawsuits, and more. Developers can search for press releases or retrieve the full body of a release, plus metadata. Lists of press releases are updated every 15 minutes.
 The GDAX API provides access to a continuous first-come, first-serve order book. Orders are executed in price-time priority as received by the matching engine and includes; Funding, Margin Transfer, Position, Deposits, Withdrawals and more. The Websocket feed allows you access to real-time market data and provides real-time market data updates for orders and trades. GDAX is a Global Digital Asset Exchange that offers the ability to trade digital currencies like Bitcoin, Ethereum, and more on a regulated U.S. based exchange.
 The Business Accounts API allows third party applications access to business authorized bank accounts and transactions. It provides a way to retrieve the balances and transactions of your business users in the market standard format, AEB43, with automated and native access from your product. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The BBVA Accounts API allows third party applications to interact with the accounts of a BBVA user. It provides a way to verify ownership, check balances and retrieve account transactions and includes; account type, status, balance, transaction history and more. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The Loans API allows you to see if the client has a pre-approved loan available with BBVA, the conditions attached to the loan and whether to accept, with just one click. It allows third party applications to retrieve the following information of a BBVA user Pre-approved loan for consumption installments and amounts. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The data services specifications for the PayStats API provides statistical transactions data that has been retrieved through BBVA cards or in BBVA point of sale. BBVA PayStats offers anonymized and aggregated statistical data from millions of transactions performed with any cards in BBVA POS terminals. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The Customers API provides third party applications with information belonging to the BBVA user associated to the OAuth token used to invoke the API and includes; User’s unique identifier, Name, Surnames, Gender and more. It allows you to retrieve current key user information that is accurate and updated without endless forms. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The BBVA Authentication protocol offers the a secure way that is approved by BBVA to access API resources by third party enterprises or developers. This protocol supports the OAuth2 Authorization Framework. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 The Intrinio Global Corporate Actions API allows developers to track over 45 types of corporate actions relating to more than 130,000 global securities. Such actions include announcements, annual shareholder meetings, stock splits, stock buy backs, dividend pay dates, bankruptcies, notes, and takeovers. Responses are provided in JSON or CSV format.
 The Intrinio Trade Alert Options Prices API allows developers to get both recent and historical time series data on end of day option prices for US stocks going back to 2008. API responses are given in JSON or CSV and include close price, closing big, closing ask, implied volatility, open interest, and a count of trades for all securities.
intrinio-us-&-global-economic didn't extract the description
 The Intrinio Global Public Company Security Master API allows developers to get unique identifiers for securities and companies so that they always know which entity they're dealing with. This is especially useful when working with multiple countries and exchanges where the same security may be identified by multiple symbols. This service also provides basic information about entities and their known aliases.
intrinio-us-bank-&-bank-holding-company didn't extract the description
 The Intrinio US Institutional Holdings API provides programmatic access to both recent and historic time series data that details institutions' stock holdings. Available information includes the location of the stock-holding business, the number of held shares, the value of those shares, and additional information about the holdings. Responses can be given in JSON or CSV.
 The GuruFocus API returns stocks data in JSON formats. It is available in REST architecture with API personal token. With the API, developers can access company financial data, company key statistics data, stock quote data, stock historical price data, and guru financial aggregated data.
 The Pro Sales Tax API connects an application with a database that offers sales tax data sourced from multiple public, private, and government institutions for accuracy. Sales tax information is offered by postal code, state, county or city. Pro Sales Tax charges on a monthly basis to access the API. Documentation is not publicly available. XML is the preferred delivery format.
 The 1Forge Realtime Forex Quotes API offers real-time currency pairs quotes in JSON format. Developers can use this API to retrieve quotes for all symbols, specific pairs, and several supported real-time quotes. This service is free to use.
 This REST API provides standardized and as reported balance sheets, income statements, and statements of cashflow for all publicly traded stocks in the United States. It returns company list and information for all companies covered by Intrinio in Json format. This includes; Companies, Securities, Indices, Securities Search/Screener, Data Point and more. The 10Q and 10K data is available in as-reported and standardized versions, enabling cross equity comparisons even when statement items are not tagged properly. Statements are available back to 2007 and are updated in near real time as they are filed with the SEC (10-30 mins). Historical stock prices (high, low, open, close, volume, and adjusted prices) as well as current intra-day prices are available along with company news. Intrinio is a Fintech Marketplace for financial data feeds and apps.
 This REST API provides aggregated financial benchmarks for 500+ United States Sectors and Industries grouped by SIC code. It allows you to view the average, 25th and 75th percentile and mode for data such as P/E, revenue, employee count, EBITDA and hundreds more for industries such as Oil & Gas, Pharmaceuticals, and Technology. This includes pull time series data to view historical financial metrics for any US industry as well as the most recent values to compare a single stock to it's industry peers or to gauge performance across industries. Intrinio is a Fintech Marketplace for financial data feeds and apps.
 Insiders at publicly traded companies, such as executives or others with unique knowledge, are required by the SEC to disclose certain purchases/sales of stock. This Rest API tracks those transactions, allowing developers to view the holdings of specific stockholders or the holdings of any insiders at a specific firm. It reports all insider transactions for owners and companies and provides transaction details for both non-derivative and derivative transactions for all owners. Ownership holdings are aggregated by both owners and by companies, with the value of the holdings as of the previous trading day. This data is valuable if you want to monitor the stock trades of individuals with inside information about a company, enabling developers to do so automatically as the filings are made with the SEC. Intrinio is a Fintech Marketplace for financial data feeds and apps.
 The Hellenic Bank Authentication API can power your app with a robust set of permission-based consumer and business account and transactional data while adhering to bank-level security requirements. Effectively managing data is also key for regulatory reporting. Use the API to authenticate your users easily through your web/desktop and mobile applications. This will enable you to extend reach and attract additional customers.
Transactions are performed in a secure manner with the OAuth 2 protocol. Self-register to get started. Testing for your your app is available in Hellenic Bank’s sandbox environment. Real-time access on account activity via the Sandbox log.
Hellenic Bank offers a platform of financial APIs. Companies or developers interested in using the APIs can register and test them in a sandbox environment. The APIs' openness and modularity allow customers to experiment and innovate. The standards allow them to connect their systems very quickly. Openness to 3rd party solutions (e.g. FinTechs) enables platforms for partnerships and integrated value chains.
These APIs all you to:Partner with one of the leading and most innovative banks in CyprusUnlock new business models with our APIsSecure, reliable and scalable APIsOpen APIs available for non-customers of our bankMulti-currency money movements, authentication and account reporting all in one placeStart creating using our realistic sandbox environment and quickly test your ideas
 The Hellenic Bank Mass Payments API works efficiently and transparently, and allows you to make mass payments within Hellenic Bank as well as SEPA and SWIFT payments. Payments can be made in any valid ISO currency.
You can integrate this API in your ERP system and CRM so that customer can easily make invoice, utilities and payroll payments from a single location to multiple beneficiaries, from their web or mobile app.
Transactions are performed in a secure manner with the OAuth 2 protocol. Self-register to get started. Testing for your your app is available in Hellenic Bank’s sandbox environment. Real-time access on account activity via the Sandbox log.
Hellenic Bank offers a platform of financial APIs. Companies or developers interested in using the APIs can register and test them in a sandbox environment. The APIs' openness and modularity allow customers to experiment and innovate. The standards allow them to connect their systems very quickly. Openness to 3rd party solutions (e.g. FinTechs) enables platforms for partnerships and integrated value chains.
These APIs all you to:Partner with one of the leading and most innovative banks in CyprusUnlock new business models with our APIsSecure, reliable and scalable APIsOpen APIs available for non-customers of our bankMulti-currency money movements, authentication and account reporting all in one placeStart creating using our realistic sandbox environment and quickly test your ideas
hellenic-bank-mass-payments-in-rubles didn't extract the description
hellenic-bank-single-payment-in-rubles didn't extract the description
 The Hellenic Bank Single Payment dedicated API allows you to make multi-currency, one to one payments to accounts within Hellenic Bank, to local banks, banks in the EU via SEPA and to other international banks via SWIFT.
Transactions are performed in a secure manner with the OAuth 2 protocol. Self-register to get started. Testing for your your app is available in Hellenic Bank’s sandbox environment. Real-time access on account activity via the Sandbox log.
Hellenic Bank offers a platform of financial APIs. Companies or developers interested in using the APIs can register and test them in a sandbox environment. The APIs' openness and modularity allow customers to experiment and innovate. The standards allow them to connect their systems very quickly. Openness to 3rd party solutions (e.g. FinTechs) enables platforms for partnerships and integrated value chains.
These APIs all you to:Partner with one of the leading and most innovative banks in CyprusUnlock new business models with our APIsSecure, reliable and scalable APIsOpen APIs available for non-customers of our bankMulti-currency money movements, authentication and account reporting all in one placeStart creating using our realistic sandbox environment and quickly test your ideas
 The Hellenic Bank Account Reporting API will help you get a report and detailed information for any kind of transaction you are making; single or multiple.
This API will allow you to view account statements, transaction status, details for each transaction, and view up to date account balances.
Integrating this API will allow you to build apps that offer your customers account reconciliation services, personalized finance management and increased insights through detailed transaction analytics. By combining banking analytics with business analytics and understanding spending patterns and trends, financial apps can help businesses better cater to their customers’ needs
Transactions are performed in a secure manner with the OAuth 2 protocol. Self-register to get started. Testing for your your app is available in Hellenic Bank’s sandbox environment. Real-time access on account activity via the Sandbox log.
Hellenic Bank offers a platform of financial APIs. Companies or developers interested in using the APIs can register and test them in a sandbox environment. The APIs' openness and modularity allow customers to experiment and innovate. The standards allow them to connect their systems very quickly. Openness to 3rd party solutions (e.g. FinTechs) enables platforms for partnerships and integrated value chains.
These APIs all you to:Partner with one of the leading and most innovative banks in CyprusUnlock new business models with our APIsSecure, reliable and scalable APIsOpen APIs available for non-customers of our bankMulti-currency money movements, authentication and account reporting all in one placeStart creating using our realistic sandbox environment and quickly test your ideas
 The ForwardLane API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ForwardLane with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. ForwardLane is an artificial intelligence company that helps financial advisors with AI tools.
 The Forex REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Forex API with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving rates by currency, retrieving different currencies, and setting base currency. Forex API provides foreign exchange rate data for apps and services.
 The IMwallet Recharge API allows developers to integrate online mobile recharge services into their websites and applications. IMwallet connects to all major prepaid recharge facilities in India, including all mobile operators, DTH operators, and data card operators. They also provide domestic money transfers and bill payment services for postpaid, landline, gas, electric, water, and insurance bills. IMwallet is payment Processing wallet Company which provides Telecom Recharge and Bill Payment API. We Provide all Operator Mobile Recharge, DTH Recharge, Postpaid Recharge API and also have All State Electricity Bill API's.
 This is Yodlee Webhooks notifications (HTTP callbacks) to customers that let them know an event has occurred. Yodlee customers can use the following Webhooks services under cobrand\config\notifications\events end point that include: Event subscription, Update subscription, Get event subscriptions and more. The Aggregation API is designed for clients who need permission based access and bank level security to access their customers bank, credit card, investments, loan accounts and other financial data. Yodlee is a data aggregation and analytics platform powering dynamic, cloud-based innovation for digital financial services.
 The Bedrebest REST API offers personal finance products that can be integrated with third-party applications. Bedrebest supports a variety of services including credit cards, loans, mobile subscriptions, insurance and savings accounts. JSON is the preferred format for data exchange and OAuth 2 for authentication. Bedrebest is a Norway based financial services firm.
ewise-categorisation-as-a-service didn't extract the description
 bunq, banking as a service with a full EU banking license. The bunq API offers access to all our banking products and brings the integration of payment interfaces, accounts, MasterCards, shared accounts and everything else you expect from an innovative bank in the 21st century.
The RESTful API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format.
 Marketo allows the use of Webhooks to communicate with third party web services. Webhooks support the use of the GET or POST HTTP verbs to push or retrieve data from a specific URL. Each individual webhook has the following properties: Request, Response Type, Custom Headers and more. The Marketo platform can be extended using a number of integration points. It is a marketing automation platform that enables marketers to manage personalized multi-channel programs and campaigns to prospects and customers.
 The Marketo SOAP API allows for the creation, retrieval and removal of entities and data stored within Marketo. The Marketo platform can be extended using a number of integration points. It is a marketing automation platform that enables marketers to manage personalized multi-channel programs and campaigns to prospects and customers.
 The TransferWise Payouts API provides domestic and international business payouts in more than 40 currencies. There are no setup fees, and funds are converted at the mid-market exchange rate. This API is available to businesses registered in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man, Jersey, Guernsey, EEA countries (EU, Iceland, Liechtestein, Norway), Switzerland, Pakistan, India, and the Philippines.
 The UK Government Gateway HMRC Individual Benefits API retrieves the data of an individual's benefits. With the API, developers can integrate company cars and fuel, interest-free and low interest loans, private medical and dental insurance into applications. HMRC is responsible for the administration and collection of taxes in the UK.
 The UK Government Gateway HMRC Individual Tax API retrieves an individual's tax information (tax record) for a given year. The primary intended use for this information is to pre-populate an individual's Self Assessment tax return. The API is available in JSON formats with Token as the authentication method. With the API, developers can integrate tax deductions from gross income, pensions, and benefits. A Sandbox base URL is available at: https://test-api.service.hmrc.gov.uk/
The current version of 1.1 is still in beta and the 1.0 version is depreciated at this time.
HMRC is responsible for the administration and collection of taxes in the UK.
 The UK Government Gateway HMRC National Insurance API integrates a yearly summary of an individual taxpayer's class 1 total earnings and class 2 National Insurance contributions due for a tax year. It is available in JSON format with HTTP requests. HMRC is responsible for the administration and collection of taxes in the UK.
 The UK Government Gateway HMRC Marriage Allowance API allows the lower earner of a couple transfer some of their Personal Allowance to a husband, wife or civil partner. Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses in return. HMRC is responsible for the administration and collection of taxes in the UK.
 The UK Government Gateway HMRC Individual Income API retrieves income information about an individual. It is available in JSON formats with HTTP requests. With the API, developers can integrate a person's income from employments, pensions, and state benefits as reported to HMRC. HMRC is responsible for the administration and collection of taxes in the UK.
 The FXCM FIX API provides a messaging standard for real-time global trading transactions. Developers can use the off-the-rack Trading Station or develop their own custom institutional interfaces. The API can deliver ups to 250 price updates per second and covers the full range of trading order types available from FXCM.
 Infotrie, through its FinSentS proprietary platform, provides algorithmic and analytical content tracking solutions including the iFeed API. Developers use the iFeed API to integrate sentiment tracking capabilities in applications. The API provides access to news sentiment data for a broad scope of content including more than 70,000 listed and unlisted stocks, forex markets, commodities trading, and trending topics and people, among others. It allows users to access selected data or daily time series for any index stretching 17 years. The API sends requests in JSON format and returns responses in JSON, CSV, XML, or FTP formats.
 The eWise Open Banking Open Banking API supports the automatic aggregation of a user’s personal accounts into a single location. It allows developers to create a user interface for managing permissions and setting privacy preferences for personal data. This makes it easier for users to select accounts and grant consent for sharing the accounts with service providers. It is also equipped with a data broker feature for facilitating developers’ or service providers’ access to the shared personal data of the user.
 The Mambu Currencies API retrieves currencies' data for the accounts of an organization. Developers can send HTTP requests to receive JSON responses under REST architecture, previously authenticating with via HTTP basic format. Use the API to access information of type of currency and exchange rate.
 The Mambu Users API retrieves individual and group users by their ID. REST architecture allows performing callbacks by sending HTTP requests and receiving JSON responses. Use the API combined with Custom Fields API to set preferred filters.
 The Mambu Database Backups API enables to download database backups. It is available in REST architecture with HTTP basic authentication. Developers can send perform callbacks to send HTTP requests and receive JSON responses.
 The Mambu Transaction Channels REST API retrieves a list of all transaction channels in the organization via JSON format. Developers can access the interface with HTTP basic auth under a secure HTTPS protocol.
 The Mambu Document Templates API retrieves document templates data. It is available in REST architecture with HTTP requests, JSON responses, and basic authentication. Use the API to access an ID document by template keys.
 The Mambu Clients API retrieves, views, stores, creates, and updates clients. Linked data may include their address, custom fields, and identification documents. It is available in REST architecture with JSON format. Use the API to search a client by first name, last name, birth date, id document number, and branch ID.
 The Mambu Custom Views API retrieves custom views or entities by filter. With the REST interface, developers can authenticate via basic auth to send HTTP requests and receive JSON responses. They can use the API to filter custom views of clients, groups, loans, deposits, and transactions.
 The Mambu Notifications API integrates messages into banking applications. Under REST architecture, developers can perform callbacks with HTTP and JSON formats, previously authenticating with HTTP basic protocol. Use the API to send a message to a recipient by filtered date.
 The Mambu Images API integrates image retrieval into financial applications. It is available under REST architecture with HTTP requests and JSON responses. Developers can use basic authentication to access the interface via HTTPS. Use the API to obtain images of client's profiles.
mambu-on-the-fly didn't extract the description
 The IEX (Investors Exchange) API allows developers to integrate tools for monitoring and transacting stocks in financial markets. Developers can use the API's endpoints to integrate an analytical portal for prices, market data, and stats. The API currently supports only the HTTP GET methods and conveys requests and responses in JSONP forma and offers access to IEX DEEP, TOPS, stocks, market, and stats data.
 The Yodlee Risk Insight REST API allows developers to access and integrate the credit risk functionalities of Yodlee with other applications. The Yodlee Risk Insight API allows users to run risk insight reports for companies to make credit decisions. Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses.
 The Yodlee Money Movement REST API allows developers to access and integrate the money movement functionalities with other applications. The Yodlee Money Movement API provides a platform for customers to access and transfer their money and pay bills online. Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses.
 The Enter Financial REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionalities of Enter Financial with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users and user authentication, retrieving applications, and managing banking. Enter Financial provides checkout services for online and eCommerce merchants.
 The Yodlee eBills REST API allows developers to access and integrate the eBills functionality with other applications. The Yodlee eBills API opens up online bill paying capabilities to offer customers the opportunity to pay bills online with electronic or paper check payments. Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses.
 The Yodlee Open Banking API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Yodlee Open Banking with other applications. The Yodlee Open Banking API connects financial systems and user-permitted financial data from banking institutions. Public documentation is not available, API access comes with account service. Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses.
 The eWise Cashflow Forecasting API allows developers to integrate business transaction insights with their financial applications. Clients can benefit from intelligent spending and income prediction by using past business behavior. eWise offers a secure way to bring together all of a customer's financial accounts. This service is available by using a patented Personal Data Vault technology.
 The OpenFin REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of OpenFin with other applications. Some example API methods include managing users, retrieving reports, running queries, and managing operating functions. OpenFin provides a common operating layer for financial desktop applications.
 The Standard Chartered API provides access to corporate banking services such as payments, balances and reference data. It returns the various types of “Account Balances” applicable for the specified Account Number, Account Detail and Balance as well as finds all support transaction types for a given account. This includes; Accounts, Bank Code Inquiry, Holiday Calendar Inquiry and more. Standard Chartered is an international banking group, committed to building a sustainable business that provides a wide-range of products and services for personal and business customers across 71 countries.
iban-swift/bic-validation didn't extract the description
 The Pitchbook REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Pitchbook with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Pitchbook is a business intelligence platform for VC, M&A, and PE professionals.
 The ProPublica Nonprofit Explorer API provides an application programming interface to the search engine and database that powers Nonprofit Explorer.
The Nonprofit Explorer includes data on 1.6 million nonprofits, including the name, location, and category of each organization.
When available, the API returns data from nonprofit tax returns processed by the IRS during the 2012-2015 calendar years. This information -- available for more than 750,000 organizations -- generally consists of filings for the 2011-2014 fiscal years, but may include older records. The IRS data release includes only a subset of what can be found in the full Form 990s.
ProPublica has linked to PDFs of full Form 990 documents wherever possible, consisting of a separate release by the IRS of Form 990 documents processed by the agency through June 2016 (these documents may contain filings as recent as the 2015 fiscal year.)
Nonprofit Explorer has organizations claiming tax exemption in each of the 27 subsections of the 501(c) section of the tax code, and which have filed a Form 990, Form 990EZ or Form 990PF. Taxable trusts and private foundations that are required to file a form 990PF are also included. Small organizations (those with less than $50,000 in revenue) that file a Form 990N "e-Postcard" are not included in this data.
No API key is required, but commercial users should contact ProPublica.
 The Cardlife REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Cardlife with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Cardlife is a platform that allows users to find, track, and manage all of their business subscriptions.
 The Railsbank REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Railsbank with other applications. Public documentation is not yet available; interested developers should sign up here for more information: https://www.railsbank.com/api. Railsbank connects global banks together via their banking and compliance platform and API.
 The OpenFinTech API integrates financial data into commercial applications. It is available in REST architecture with JSON formats.
Developers can use the open database to create applications with companies, currencies, banks, and payment features. OpenFinTech.io helps financial companies communicate in one language.
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based solution that supports the validation and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers (IBANs). The platform provides the IBAN Calculation engine that facilitates the conversion of domestic bank code and account number combinations into authenticated IBANs. The IBAN Calculation API allows developers to integrate the IBAN conversion engine in their applications and operating systems. It also makes it easier for users to identify banks and other financial institutions. This API returns responses in JSON and XML formats.
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based solution that supports the validation and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers (IBAN). The platform provides access to the Reverse SORT code – that is, a web-based real-time interface for identifying and validating SORT codes. The IBAN Sort Code Validation API simplifies the deployment of the SORT code verification functionality through add-on modules. Simple calls are sufficient for developers to access and integrate the SORT code functionality in the applications. This API returns responses in JSON and XML formats.
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based solution that supports the validation and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers (IBAN). This platform uses algorithmic formulas to determine the validity of IBANs. The IBAN Recovery API provides a mechanism for randomly retrieving characters from an IBAN. This functionality allows users to randomly identify illegible parts of an IBAN. The RESTful API sends HTTP formatted requests and returns XSD-formatted responses.
 The MasterCard Digital Enablement Service (MDES) is a data interchange platform for generating and managing secure digital payment tokens. The MasterCard MDES Customer Service API allows developers to deploy B2B resources that support the implementation of problem resolution portals for consumer generated queries regarding the usage of digital cards. It features functionalities that allow issuers to resolve issues of digitization, transaction processing, and lifecycle events associated with tokenized queries from consumers.
The scope of this API is restricted to B2B deployment; its provider cautions against deploying the API in B2C applications. Moreover, the API’s design restricts its processing capabilities to single token enquiries channeled by issuer customer care representatives rather than high volume token batches.
 The nip24.pl API (NIP, REGON, KRS) offers corporate information of businesses in Poland. This data is provided by the Central Statistical Office database (GUS - REGON). Available information includes company status, invoice formatted data, company details, and contact details. This information is available in XML format. API Keys are required for authentication.
Update: Now nip24 API support VIES VAT number validation service: http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/vies/technicalInformation.html
Features:
1) Automatyczne pobieranie danych do formularza zamówienia oraz do wystawienia faktury
2) Błyskawiczna aktualizacja danych, dzięki połączeniu online z systemami referencyjnymi (brak captcha)
3) Integracja z głównymi platformami e-commerce (WooCommerce, PrestaShop, itp..)
4) Dedykowane biblioteki dla środowisk developerskich PHP, .Net (C#), Python oraz Java.
5) Walidacja podatników VAT EU z systemu VIES
6) Możliwość sprawdzenia kontrahenta (daty rozpoczęcia, zawieszenia, zakończenia działalności)
7) Pobieranie danych po podaniu numeru: NIP lub REGON lub KRS
8) Automatyczna akutalizacja danych kontaktowych
9) (NEW) Sprawdzanie podmiotu w rejestrze VAT
 The Aplazame API offers tools for integrating instant financial capabilities with existing eCommerce applications. The platform simplifies financial methods by connecting a checkout environment with a credit payment solution. The API offers data in JSON format, and supports GET requests. Aplazame is a Madrid based financial company that improves conversion rates and sales.
 The eNotas Gateway API is an electronic invoicing platform that simplifies the issuance of Brazilian e-Service Tax Invoice. The API that requires API Key authentication conveys requests and responses in JSON or XML format.
 The Eurobits Content Aggregation Service API simplifies the development of secure online search applications for retrieving financial accounts and other non-financial records of individuals and businesses. It provides scalable aggregation capabilities that can be applied in the retrieval of profiles, transactions, and account credentials of personal and corporate banking, virtual offices for utility companies, and loyalty programs.The API is functionally designed to support receipt, processing and monitoring of customers’ incoming aggregation requests as well as facilitate the management of data streams and tracking of activity logs.
 BILLSHARK provides intermediary bill negotiation services to customers seeking to bargain for lower subscription fees from service providers. The company negotiates lower bills on on behalf of subscribers of services such as cable TV and internet, home security, internet connectivity, satellite TV and radio, and wireless communications. TheBILLSHARK Shark Connect API allows developers to integrate the BILLSHARK operational interface in web applications.It is functionally designed to support the enrollment of customers to the BILLSHARK service platform along with the submission of customer bills and facilitation of access to status reports of bill negotiations. The RESTful API sends requests and returns responses in JSON format. Its provider applies fees, usually 40 percent of a customer’s savings, to only successfully negotiated bills.
 BitcoinToBankAccount.com facilitates the telegraphic transfer of Bitcoin-denominated currency to bank accounts within 24 hours. TheBitcoin to Bank Account API allows developers tointegrate app- or web-basedwallets for receiving, verifying, converting,and transferring Bitcoin payments to bank accounts. The appearance of a sender’s paymenttransaction has to be initiated through poll on transfer calls – at a recommended rate of one second for a duration not exceeding 10 minutes – due to the asynchronous nature of payments. The API conveys SOAP and XML formatted requests and responses.
 IBAN.com operates as a web-based portal for real-time identification, validation, and calculation of International Bank Account Numbers (IBAN). This platform uses algorithmic formulas to determine the validity of an IBAN. The IBAN Validation API allows user to query the existence and validity of IBANs using check digits. It provides access to many other features including the validation of domestic bank code, IBAN issuer, and country-specific IBAN length, code, and structure as well as the issuing bank’s address. Developers can use simple HTTP GET or POST requests to initiate the automation of IBAN validation processes. The API supports JSON and XML-formatted requests and responses.
 The OANDA v20 REST API provides programmatic access to OANDA’s next generation v20 trading engine. To use this API you must have a v20 trading account, which is available to all divisions except Japan. The API allows you to develop trading strategies and automate your trading experience. OANDA is a forex broker enabling you to trade over 90 currency pairs, metals, and CFDs while providing FX & CFD trading, exchange rates data and corporate FX payments.
 The MasterCard Personalized Offers API supports the customization of offers and experiences for cardholders on the basis of analytical profiles of historical payment card transactions. It allows developers to integrate customer loyalty application features that allow cardholders to track savings in addition to redeeming and providing ratings for offers. This way, a card issuer can use the offers populated in MasterCard’s loyalty database to generate and channel matching offers to cardholders. Cardholders can access and redeem the offers through the online banking platform of the issuing bank.
mastercard-fraud-scoring-for-merchants didn't extract the description
 The MasterCard Digital Enablement Service (MDES) is a data interchange platform for generating and managing secure digital payment tokens. The MasterCard MDES Pre-Digitization API supports the transmission of MDES-supported web requests and responses between card issuers and cardholders. Its integration allows MDES Issuers to return JSON-formatted responses to requests submitted by, or on half of, cardholders.
 This API Provides a list of OCBC credit card promotions and is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of optional query parameters. The response is returned in paginated JSON format. Some features include; Stay Updated with Promotions, Access to Promotion Details and Refine Your Search Criteria. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 This API connects card issuers, merchants, and service providers to mobile and digital payments using next generation token technology to enhance checkout experiences. The scope of the initial version of this service includes only US merchants and cards issued by American Express in the US. It provides a suite of APIs which enable the tokenization of a card number. The suite is made up of the following types of capabilities: Provisioning, Notifications and Status. This includes; request token, card metadata updates, token update, and check token status. American Express is a global service company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that build business.
 This API provides the functionality to retrieve, update, or delete information related to a Visa Microtransactions user wish list. This includes; Add to Wish List, Get Wish List, Remove Item from Wish List and Clear Wish List. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app Microtransaction's on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API provides an OFAC score value used for evaluation on how closely an individual's name, city, and country input fields match against entries on the OFAC SDN lists. The Watch List Screening API also provides an OFAC status value which represents how VisaNet would process the individual's information if used in a cross-border OCT transaction. Visa Direct allows you to push payments to eligible Visa accounts, fund transfers from a variety of sources and the ability to use APIs inside ATM’s, mobile, web, and in-branch applications. It is a payment service that lets people “push” money to over 1 billion Visa accounts through the Original Credit Transaction (OCT). Visa Direct consumer and business applications include: Money Transfer, Prepaid Load, Credit Card Bill Pay and Funds Disbursements.
 This API is a secure and efficient way to pay and be paid using mobile phones. mVisa enables a range of payment use cases and is technology agnostic-leveraging evolving POS environment such as QR codes and works on both smart or feature phones. Visa Direct uses the push payment capability that enables clients and consumers, a way to send money to over one billion eligible Visa accounts. This can be funded from; merchants, government entities and corporations. It allows you to push payments to disburse such things as tax refunds, insurance claims, rebates, affiliate and more.
 This API provides functionality to retrieve and update information related to Customers. This includes; Customer Details, Update Customer, Customer Inquiry and more. The Visa Alerts APIs enable Visa clients, such as issuers, to manage cardholders’ alerts preferences, enrollment, and to search and display alerts notifications such as Threshold, Card Not Present, ATM Withdrawal, International, Decline, Cash Back and Balance.
 This API provides functionality to retrieve and create Notifications. This includes; Notification Inquiry, Notification Details and Notification Subscription. The Visa Alerts APIs enable Visa clients, such as issuers, to manage cardholders’ alerts preferences, enrollment, and to search and display alerts notifications such as Threshold, Card Not Present, ATM Withdrawal, International, Decline, Cash Back and Balance.
 This API identifies if the submitted transaction should be approved or declined based on customer preferences. This includes; Retrieve List of Recent Decision Records, Retrieve List of Decision Records by Card, Complete a Decision Record and more. Some key features include; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire, build engagement and preference in the digital age, differentiate your cards with mobile innovation. Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability, via the issuer’s mobile banking application or online website, to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used.
 This API specifies the callback endpoints that the Issuer/Host and App Host needs to provide to the Visa Consumer Transaction Controls service. Services are Disable Enrollment, Enable Enrollment, Re-enable Enrollment and Delete Enrollment. It notifies the client that a cardholder has removed all their rules settings. Some key features include; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire, build engagement and preference in the digital age, differentiate your cards with mobile innovation. Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability, via the issuer’s mobile banking application or online website, to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used.
 This is a HTTP-1.1 REST service that allows you to get a list of companies associated with a logged-in CSAS user. The API interface is designed to access bank corporate accounts and data of the authenticated user. Code examples available for cURL, Java, JavaScript, NodeJS, Perl, Python, Ruby, Go, C#, VB, Groovy, Objective-C and Swift. CSAS is Česká spořitelna, a Czech Savings Bank.
 This is a REST API interface, designed for access to currently valid and historical exchange rates from 2 years backward. Code examples available for cURL, Java, JavaScript, NodeJS, Perl, Python, Ruby, Go, C#, VB, Groovy, Objective-C and Swift. The service provides access to user and accounting data of Erste Bank customers. CSAS is Česká spořitelna (Czech Savings Bank), the largest Czech bank by number of clients.
 This is a REST API interface designed for access to information about ČS, a.s. transparent accounts and transactions. This service provides access to user and accounting data of Erste Bank customers. Code examples available for cURL, Java, JavaScript, NodeJS, Perl, Python, Ruby, Go, C#, VB, Groovy, Objective-C and Swift. CSAS is Česká spořitelna, a Czech Savings Bank.
 The SlimPay REST API can process payments over HTTP, returning responses in JSON and HAL formats. Features include Mandate Signature, Direct Debit, and Card Payment. SlimPay provides payments for subscriptions using a recurring payment solution.
 This API enables you to serve personalized welcome offers for Cards, without impacting their credit score. It provides the necessary components needed to construct an offer banner(s) for prospective customers of American Express. This includes Default Offers API, Targeted Offers API and Offers Acknowledgement API. American Express is a global service company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that build business.
 This API is a global e-commerce solution with data protection and fraud management tools and includes the Web Services API, Batch API and the Hosted Checkout API. It provides the ability to electronically route payment transactions to major processors in the USA, United Kingdom, Australia and Mexico and deliver a consolidated reporting of global processing volumes for all major brands. It provides a way for merchants to securely accept and route most major payment type transactions from their website or virtual terminal, to more than 30 acquiring banks around the world. Some features are 24/7/365 servicing that works with more than 120 currencies and is available using REST, NVP or JS protocols. Accertify supported network includes American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, PayPal, JCB, and Diners.
 This API is a predictable and intuitive interface for interacting with Monzo user accounts and offers both a REST and webhooks service. This includes Accounts, Balance, Transactions, and more. Monzo provides a smart technology banking experience with instant payment notifications, built-in budgeting and fee-free travel.
 The IbanFirst API allows developers to programmatically access IbanFirst accounts and perform actions such as execute FX trades, send cross-border payments, and monitor accounts. IbanFirst is a financial services platform designed to serve companies in the European Union by allowing them to set up an IBAN account quickly and make international payments.
 The NAB FX Rates API provides a list of all known buy and sell rates on the Foreign Exchange. This is an official API provided by National Australia Bank Limited
 The DataYuge IFSC (Indian Financial System Code) Code API offers the latest alphanumeric codes for EFT transfers in India. The API is free of charge, and has no limitations. API Keys are needed for authentication, and JSON is used for responses. DataYuge is a software development firm that offers analytics tools and related services.
 The BlinkTrade API integrates financial features into web services, including bitcoin, trading, and transactions. It is available in REST architecture with HTTP requests in JSON format. API Key is required to authenticate. BlinkTrade is an open source bitcoin exchange platform.
 The MultiChain API boasts "feeling at home" if you’re familiar with bitcoin.
The API has maximal compatibility with Bitcoin Core, the reference client for the bitcoin network.
As a fork of Bitcoin Core, MultiChain shares the following technical characteristics: Command-line arguments, Network protocol, JSON-RPC API, Transaction format, Script language, and Block format.
The robust documentation offers basics of working with MultiChain such as: "How to create or connect to a blockchain", "Customizing your blockchain parameters and API commands for controlling MultiChain", as well as information about compatibility with Bitcoin Core.
 The GetMyInvoices REST API collects, finds, and transfers incoming invoices from online portals and email accounts to bookkeeping software. The API is not public. Please contact https://www.getmyinvoices.com/api
 The VAT API supports the search and verification of VAT numbers of Europe based companies. Developers can use the API to generate lists of VAT-registered companies in specific locations such as towns, cities, or streets. The API also supports the use of the VIES service in the verification of known VAT particulars of companies. It conveys requests in JSON, XML, and SOAP formats.
The current version of the API is accessible fro free without usage restrictions, although users have the option of purchasing it from Apple App Store or Amazon App Store.
The VAT API currently covers 17 countries that include Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Great Britain, Greece, Holland, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, Norway, Slovenia, and Switzerland. The APO provider has indicated the the coverage will soon spread to Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Estonia, Germany, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, and Sweden.
 The ProcessOut REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ProcessOut with other applications. The main API methods revolve around accepting and processing payments. Other API methods include managing recurring payments and subscriptions and issuing refunds. ProcessOut offers international payment and subscription solutions for online payments.
 Our API gives developers the ability to access users transactional data from all the UK's banks, building societies and credit cards.
 This API allows you to verify that a bank account is valid, and exists based on its sort code (routing number), and account number, or alternatively based on BIC / SWIFT and IBAN numbers. It is based on the same bank verification technology as Stripe, and is functional in 22 countries, including the USA, UK and Australia.
 The PortEngine REST API integrates stress testing of multi-asset and multi-currency portfolios. API Key is required to authenticate. JSON formats are available. It generates a forward looking simulated model of the portfolio. Flexible factor models as well as exogenous shocks can be easily specified. Filters can be used to isolate the behavior of specific sub-portfolios, such as: longs vs shorts, foreign vs. domestic securities, and options vs. other assets.
 The Exchange Rate REST API offers a foreign exchange conversion and tracking platform for a broad range of currency pairs. JSON and XML are used for responses. API Keys are required for authentication. This API is available by invitation only.
 This API allows you to integrate the QuadrigaCX trading platform with third party applications, such as trading applications, charting programs, point of sale systems and more. Users are able to place buy and sell orders in the QuadrigaCX marketplace, where they sell to others users who are also looking to buy or sell. It has public and private methods that returns Current Trading Information, Order Book, Account Balance, Open Orders and more. QuadrigaCX is a digital marketplace, which allows users to buy and sell Bitcoins on the open market.
 This Websocket API allows access to all of the features of the Bitfinex platform. Each message sent and received via the Bitfinex’s websocket channel is encoded in JSON format and returns order books, trades, ticker snapshots, updates and more. Bitfinex is a bitcoin exchange that offers platforms for trading and for providing and receiving financing.
 The PayEx API can access user account information and initiate functionality for payment purposes. Based in the Scandinavian region, developers can benefit from the technical reference that includes XML parser for orders, merchants, purchases, and verifications.
Editors' note: There is one WSDL file per API resource. This profile only connects to one of those files. Be sure to look for the others on the provider's developer portal.
 This REST API returns data about a specific security identified by CUSIP and issue date, auctioned securities, announced securities and more. These services are used as a standard means for requesting TreasuryDirect.gov data. TreasuryDirect is a financial services website that lets you buy and redeem securities directly from the U.S. Department of the Treasury in paperless electronic form.
 This REST API returns the most recent TreasuryDirect debt data, debt data for a particular date, debt data based on the parameters passed and more. These services are used as a standard means for requesting TreasuryDirect.gov data. TreasuryDirect is a financial services website that lets you buy and redeem securities directly from the U.S. Department of the Treasury in paperless electronic form.
 This API provides methods for retrieving data from financial institutions on behalf of consumers, advisors, and other users. It is built on RESTful principles with resource-oriented URL endpoints. Quovo supplies aggregation and insights to empower advisors and their clients. It is an enterprise-grade data science platform offering applications and services for financial advisors, institutions, and fintech companies to aggregate and analyze financial account data. Quovo provides account aggregation and data analytics technology for finance.
india-goods-and-service-tax-(gst) didn't extract the description
mas-domestic-interest-rates,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-domestic-interest-rates,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-domestic-interest-rates,-weekly didn't extract the description
mas-domestic-interest-rates,-daily didn't extract the description
mas-table-i2c-monetary-authority:-assets-and-liabilities,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i2c-monetary-authority:-assets-and-liabilities,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i4-banks:-deposits-(excluding-s$ncds)-of-dbus-by-types-of-non-bank-customers,-monthly didn't extract the description
 The Ingo Money Push Pay API integrates payments into applications, providing pre-printed payroll, government checks, and mobile check deposits. For additional information about authentication, requests, and responses, ask for help@ingomoney.com
 The Continuum Connect API offers developers low-latency access to real-time streaming quotes and historical data, as well as a stock trading gateway. Continuum Connect's gateway has access to over seventy-five sources for market data and more than forty exchanges for order routing. This API is provided via an ASP model.
mas-table-i4-banks:-deposits-(excluding-s$ncds)-of-dbus-by-types-of-non-bank-customers,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i5a-banks:-loans-and-advances-of-dbus-to-non-bank-customers-by-industry,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i5a-banks:-loans-and-advances-of-dbus-to-non-bank-customers-by-industry,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i5b-banks:-loans-and-advances-of-acus-to-non-bank-customers-by-industry,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-exchange-rates-–-average-for-period,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-exchange-rates-–-average-for-period,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-exchange-rates-–-average-for-period,-weekly didn't extract the description
mas-exchange-rates---end-of-period,-daily didn't extract the description
mas-exchange-rates---end-of-period,-weekly didn't extract the description
mas-exchange-rates---end-of-period,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-exchange-rates---end-of-period,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-interest-rates-of-banks-and-finance-companies,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-interest-rates-of-banks-and-finance-companies,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i1-money-supply-(dbu),-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i1-money-supply-(dbu),-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i13-asian-dollar-market-–-assets-of-acus,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i13-asian-dollar-market-–-assets-of-acus,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i17-credit-and-charge-card-statistics,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i17-credit-and-charge-card-statistics,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-table-i5b-banks:-loans-and-advances-of-acus-to-non-bank-customers-by-industry,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-table-ii2-finance-companies:-loans-and-advances,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-table-ii2-finance-companies:-loans-and-advances,-yearly didn't extract the description
mas-table-iii7-sgx-st:-price-index,-number-of-listed-companies,-turnover-and-capitalisation,-monthly didn't extract the description
mas-table-iii7-sgx-st:-price-index,-number-of-listed-companies,-turnover-and-capitalisation,-yearly didn't extract the description
 The Amdoren Currency API provides programmatic access to up-to-date currency exchange rates and currency conversions for more than 150 currencies. This API may be used in both personal and commercial websites and applications. This API is provided free of charge.
 The Funkbit Splitabill API allows users to monitor and share bill expenses. Developers can use any of the programming languages, such as Java, Python, JavaScrip, and Ruby, to integrate the RESTful API into payment applications. This API sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format. The current version of the API is a beta release.
 This is a REST API interface designed for access to CSAS POI location information. This includes detailed reference for Places, Branches and ATM's. Code examples available for cURL, Java, JavaScript, NodeJS, Perl, Python, Ruby, Go, C#, VB, Groovy, Objective-C and Swift. CSAS is Česká spořitelna, a Czech Savings Bank.
 This is a REST API interface designed for access to basic mortgage calculations. It is a service that provides access to user and accounting data of Erste Bank customers. Code examples available for cURL, Java, JavaScript, NodeJS, Perl, Python, Ruby, Go, C#, VB, Groovy, Objective-C and Swift. CSAS is Česká spořitelna, a Czech Savings Bank.
 This API is a comprehensive solution addressing every step of the chargeback management process. It is designed to help merchants save time, reduce manual effort and boost revenue recovery. It can help your business increase win rates while minimizing the cost of chargeback management. Some features include; inbound and outbound processor/acquirer integration, single workflow management platform and reason code management for American Express®, Visa®, Mastercard®, Discover® and Paypal®
 This API provides functionality to retrieve information related to Communities. The Visa Alerts APIs enable Visa clients, such as issuers, to manage cardholders’ alerts preferences, enrollment, and to search and display alerts notifications such as Threshold, Card Not Present, ATM Withdrawal, International, Decline, Cash Back and Balance.
 AFEX API is designed for businesses that want to make frequent payments. By accessing our Payment Engine via our API, it allows customers to automate their end-to-end payment processes and rapidly deliver tailor-made solutions for our customers’ business directly. Payments are sent through AFEX’s intermediary banks, payment channels and are bound by applicable laws, regulations, clearing house rules or payment processing procedures.
amex-pay-with-points didn't extract the description
 This API allows issuers to send location updates to Visa and receive the current Home Area Geo-Location and Location Pulse Interval for a given device. Some features are; Location Updates, Authorization Decision, Cardholder Enrollment, Mobile Location Agent and more. It allows you to enroll and deenroll your Visa cardholder's account number and mobile device for Mobile Location Confirmation which is a downloadable source code that enables your mobile app to capture and report mobile phone geolocation to Visa. Mobile Location Confirmation is a service that provides information about whether or not an enrolled cardholder’s mobile phone is located near the merchant requesting authorization for a purchase. Visa sends this information to you as part of the real-time authorization request.
 This API allows issuers to enroll or unenroll their Visa cardholders device and account number for Mobile Location Confirmation. Mobile Location Confirmation is a service that provides information about whether or not an enrolled cardholder’s mobile phone is located near the merchant requesting authorization for a purchase. Visa sends this information to you as part of the real-time authorization request.
 This API provides reporting capabilities such as transaction reconciliation data. The data needed for reconciliation includes both push(OCT) and pull(AFT) transaction details and any exceptions such as chargebacks & reversals. This data allows you to reconcile the transactions sent by your systems with what was processed through VisaNet. It uses the push payment capability that enables clients and consumers, a way to send money to over one billion eligible Visa accounts. This can be funded from; merchants, government entities and corporations. Visa Direct allows you to push payments to disburse such things as tax refunds, insurance claims, rebates, affiliate and more.
 This API Checks the status of your cheque. It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters. The response is returned as a JSON data object. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop convenient and effective technologies that improve the user experience.
 This API provides a list of rewards that you can redeem from any OCBC credit card. It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of optional query parameters. The response is returned in paginated JSON format. Some features include; Stay Updated with Rewards, Access to Reward Details and Refine Your Search Criteria. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 This API Provides the interest earned with OCBC 360 account based on your user's lifestyle. It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters. The response is returned as a JSON data object. Some features include; Breakdown of Bonus Interest and Accumulated Interest. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 Particeep offers integration with a financial and banking platform that supports data collection and analysis, virtual wallet with online payments, data flow aggregation, chat, and document management. The Particeep API supports fundraiser management, payments, newsfeed, and subscriptions. Additionally Particeep offers a webhook based event notification system. This API is REST based, and uses JSON for responses.
 This API calculates the monthly payments of your OCBC renovation loan. It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters. The response is returned as a JSON data object. Some features include compute monthly payments and view breakdown of installments. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 This API calculates the rebates rewarded by the OCBC 365 Credit Card based on user’s spending habits by entering amount spent in different categories. It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters. The response is returned as a JSON data object. Some features include breakdown of rebates and accumulated expenditure and rebates. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 This API calculates how much you need to secure your retirement. It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters. The response is returned as a JSON data object. Some features include compute monthly investment and account for your CPF. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 This API calculates the estimated loan amount & monthly payments needed for your home. It is called using the HTTP GET method with a chain of query parameters. The response is returned as a JSON data object. Some features include compute your monthly installments and add a second borrower. The Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ("OCBC"), addresses the diversity across cultures and geographies to develop technologies that improve the user experience.
 The Sage Direct API brings Sage Payments to a whole new level with its full suite of products and services. Using this API, developers can integrate healthcare, retail, e-commerce, and more with the Sage Direct features. Sage Payment Solutions is a full service payment provider, offered through Sage, providing services for businesses and human resource professionals.
 This API specifies the callback endpoint that the App Host needs to provide to the Visa Consumer Transaction Controls service which includes Notification Enrollment. It notifies the client that an alert message has been generated that should be delivered to the cardholder. Some key features include; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire, build engagement and preference in the digital age, differentiate your cards with mobile innovation. Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability, via the issuer’s mobile banking application or online website, to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used.
 This API enables subscribers to administer their Card Programs and includes a list of supported Transaction Acquiring Types that can be controlled by Consumer Payment Controls. Services are; Remove Transaction Type Controls, Update Existing Rule Categories, Add New Transaction Type Controls and more. Some key features include; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire, build engagement and preference in the digital age, differentiate your cards with mobile innovation. Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability, via the issuer’s mobile banking application or online website, to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used.
 This API provides the functionality for users to purchase one or more items during checkout. It allows users to add, remove, and update items from their purchase order. This includes; Get Cart Contents, Add Items to Cart, Remove Items from Cart and more. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app Microtransaction's on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API provides the functionality to grant and deduct points as well as check point balance. This includes; Get Balance, All Currencies, Grant Points Free, Get Point Details and more. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app Microtransaction's on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
visa-mtx-user-management-&-order-history didn't extract the description
 This API provides the functionality to create, update, and deactivate sales campaigns with Visa Microtransactions. Services include; Create / Update Sales Policy, Deactivate Sales Policy and Get Sales Policy. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API provides the functionality to retrieve user purchased-products inventory, redeem items in the inventory, and return items to the inventory including; Get User Inventory and Redeem Inventory. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API allows you to create, view, update, activate, and deactivate coupons which are used to grant points, grant product entitlements, give price discounts, and offer buy-one-get-one deals, on Visa MTX. This includes; Get Coupon, Create Coupon, Update Coupon, Activate Coupon and more. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API allows you to; purchase products on the MTX platform, supports purchasing products managed by an external catalog system and purchasing products managed by the MTX platform with one-click checkout or shopping cart checkout. This includes; Offerless Checkout, One Click Direct Checkout and Cart Checkout. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API provides the functionality to create and organize products for purchase and allows creating one or more categories. A category can be used to group similar product offers and includes; Category Import, Get Property, Get Offer and more. MTX provides a service that lets developers create payment solutions using points, promotional rewards, or virtual currency and coupons. MTX provides access to in-app microtransactions on top of a highly-scalable hosted environment for application developers to offload the heavy transaction burden.
 This API is used with a funds transfer to/from a Visa payment account to determine key characteristics of a recipient card before initiating the transfer like country, card-type, block status and more. It has been enhanced to query PullFundsTransactions(AFT) and PushFundsTransactions(OCT) eligibility (both domestic and cross-border) for multiple U.S. debit networks. This includes Attributes Inquiry and Funds Transfer Attributes Inquiry. The two APIs take the primary account number as an input and return a variety of attributes associated with the payment account. This allows you to access both general attributes of the account and specific attributes that are needed to use a payment account as part of a funds transfer.
 This API provides easy access to the Visa daily currency conversion rate for a given currency pair which is dependent on the currency pair as well as the amount, and may be different from the actual rate for settlement of transaction. It accepts a source and destination currency pair and returns the current day’s Visa exchange rate for the pair. Foreign Exchange Rates provides access to the Visa daily currency conversion rate providing a user experience for cross-border and/or multi currency transactions.
 This API allows partners to onboard merchants to the Visa Offers Platform community and participate in the Visa Offers Platform program. It returns Onboard Merchants, Create Offers and Save Statement Credit. This enables partners to create new offers and provide benefits to cardholders when a qualifying event occurs.
 This API enables cardholders to search for Visa/Plus ATM locations around the world, via the Web or from their internet-enabled mobile devices. The Locator service returns a list of nearby ATMs that is searchable by adding filters, such as hours of operation, chip-capable ATMs, or wheelchair accessibility. It provides a way to find up to 100 ATM locations, in over 200 countries that match a set of filter criteria. The Locate ATMs API can also find routing information for a given start and destination point by submitting street address, city, postal/zip code, point of interest, or geolocation codes and provides both walking and driving directions.
 The MX Atrium API allows developers to connect and aggregate bank data, providing secure access to users' accounts and transactions. MX Atrium provides access to over 30,000 FI connections and includes security measures such as multi-factor authentication to keep users' financial information safe. MX is compliant with SOC2 Type II and PCI DSS.
 Omise is a provider of intermediary financial and payments services. The Omise Webhooks API allows developers to integrate secure payments portals in web and mobile apps. Users can use the RESTful API to add payments option in websites for purposes of optimizing revenue receipts and automating payouts. The API consists of fortified security features that enhance the safety of card transactions. This API transmits JSON-formatted requests and responses.
 This API allows partners to enroll participants/Visa card and receive information from their qualified transaction activity. It also allows cardholders to activate a specific offer while they perform certain qualifying transactions. It is used to enroll cardholder information in the VOP system, so that they can receive cardholder benefits like discounts and promotions.
 This API allows applications to run validations of the payment account before processing a transaction ensuring greater probability of success and allowing for a seamless transaction flow. The API provides three methods of account validation: Account Verification ($0 authorization), Address Verification, and Card Verification Value (CVV2) Validation. Some key features of the Visa Payment Account Validation include; validate a payment account before processing a transaction, identify stolen, expired, or frozen payment accounts and increase probability of a successful transaction.
 The TipsGo Cashflow API allow users to build a range of Cashflow, Budgeting and Personal Financial Management (PFM) style Apps. The Cashflow APIs work together with the TipsGo Wallet API to keep track of money-in and money-out and analyze and graph this information.
This API is part of the the TipsGo platform, which consists of:A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow/invest and protect their money.
 The TipsGo Wallet API is used to track Cash savings. The Wallet API works together with the TipsGo Cashflow API. The Wallet APIs can be used to set and track various Saving Goals.
This API is part of the the TipsGo platform, which consists of:A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow/invest and protect their money.
 The TipsGO Country API is a global or multi country API, specific to the country or geographic location. A good example of this type of API is financial market information APIs tax information. In order to support the multi-country features, Smart Wealth Tips (SWT) has a created the Country API to provide access to Country information.
This API is part of the the TipsGo platform, which consists of:A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow/invest and protect their money.
 This API enables consumers to establish payment rules that will define the type of transactions they want prohibited. It also sends alerts to the issuer if the customer wishes to be notified of any prohibited transactions. Some key features include; gives cardholders the control and visibility they desire, build engagement and preference in the digital age, differentiate your cards with mobile innovation. Visa Consumer Transaction Controls allows you to offer cardholders the ability, via the issuer’s mobile banking application or online website, to set restrictions and alerts on how their cards are used.
 The TipsGO Currency API provides a convenient way to access information about the world's currencies. It includes currency symbols and display formats. This API is part of the TipsGo platform, which consists of:
•	A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstances.
•	A comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparison.
•	A set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic location.
•	A comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applications.
•	An extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspective.
TipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow/invest and protect their money.
 This API provides developers a way to retrieve offer information from VMORC and allows you to retrieve all your available offers or retrieve specific offers. You may choose to filter your accessible offers by certain offer attributes or you may request offers by its identifiers. This allows issuers to retrieve the offer data available to them or filtered by offer attributes.
 This API provides developers the set of available reference data from VMORC, these values are mainly used in offer filtering criteria and values. Use the "key" information of each reference data option to conduct filtered offer requests and retrieve merchant address information for the requested merchants. The service will only return merchant address information associated to your accessible merchants and allows you to retrieve reference information.
 This API allows you to search for merchant identification data using the acquirer provide name and card acceptor identifiers. Some key features include; search millions of merchants, receive enriched merchant profiles on demand and use key merchant identification information. Visa Merchant Search allows clients to search for merchant identification data to support their products and services.
 This API allows you to find Visa accepting merchants by geolocation and provides a way to search for Merchant Store Locations using the Merchant Name, Category, and geolocation filters such as Address or Postal Code. Some key features include; search millions of merchants across multiple merchant categories and find merchants around you, using your location. The Visa Merchant Locator service helps you easily locate merchants by specified category and location.
 The Canadian Sales Tax API allows developers to integrate sales tax information with their applications by using the postal abbreviations of Canada. The following methods are available: Get the current GST (global sales tax), Get the current HST (harmonized sales tax) for a province, Get the current HST for all provinces, Get the current GST for a province, Get the current PST (provincial sales tax) for all provinces, Get the total applicable tax for a province, and Get the total applicable tax for all provinces. Currently, this API supports JSON for responses.
 The CyberSource Payment REST API provides functionality for payment processing for authorization capture and settlement of card transactions worldwide. It allows you to process credit, debit and gift cards across multiple channels securely. This includes the The Flex API, which provides a secure method for tokenizing card data and reduces your PCI DSS burden. Card data is encrypted on the customer’s device and sent directly to CyberSource, bypassing your systems altogether. VISA CyberSource supports an extensive list of payment cards and offers a wide choice of gateways and acquiring banks, all through one connection.
 This API can pull funds from the sender's Visa account in an Account Funding Transaction (AFT). It also provides functionality to push funds to the recipient's Visa account in an Original Credit Transaction (OCT). If a transaction is declined, the Funds Transfer API can also return the funds to the sender's funding source in an Account Funding Transaction Reversal (AFTR). Visa Direct allows you to push payments to eligible Visa accounts, fund transfers from a variety of sources and the ability to use APIs inside ATM’s, mobile, web, and in-branch applications. It is a payment service that lets people "push" money to over 1 billion Visa accounts through the Original Credit Transaction (OCT). Visa Direct consumer and business applications include: Money Transfer, Prepaid Load, Credit Card Bill Pay and Funds Disbursements.
 The Visa Token Service (VTS) is a security technology from Visa that replaces sensitive account information with a unique digital identifier called a token. The token allows payments to be processed without exposing actual account details that could potentially be compromised. Tools available are Service Enrollment, Provisioning, Lifecycle Management, Active Key Management, Card Metadata Manager, Token Display Request and Reporting. Some Key features include; protect sensitive information from theft and fraud, supports online, in-store, and mobile in-app purchases with flexible deployment and management options. The Visa Token Service allows issuers, merchants, and wallet providers the ability to deliver secure mobile payment applications, gain access to third-party digital payment experiences, or securely maintain cards on file.
 The TipsGo Location API enables the user to browse a list of bank Branches/ATMs with location information.
This API is part of the the TipsGo platform, which consists of:A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow/invest and protect their money.
 The Smart Wealth Tips (SWT) Platform provides a comprehensive product catalog that helps identify products that are suitable for a person based on their personal circumstances.
The TipsGo Product API allows you to manipulate product information in the product catalog within the SWT Platform.
This API is part of the the TipsGo platform, which consists of:A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow/invest and protect their money.
 In the Smart Wealth Tips (SWT) Platform, the term "Tip" is used to refer to a financial (or money related) recommendation that is provided to a Member (user) of the platform. These Tips help the Member to better manage their money. Tips can relate to saving money, growing money through investing, or protecting money through insurance.
This API is part of the the TipsGo platform, which consists of:A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These Tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow / invest and protect their money.
 This API enables BBVA Clients to give an application consent to access BBVA Compass services on their behalf. In this API you will find detailed information about the services available to obtain tokens needed to call any service defined. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 This API exposes BBVA services related to customers and allows you to create and maintain information about a customer, as well as fraud mitigation operations and includes; create new customers, get detail information about a specific customer and update certain information of the customer. Data related to the user identity like driver license or passport information used during the screening process cannot be changed through the service exposed in this API. The BBVA API Market is a platform for global financial services for business.
 This API provides functionality to replace a card on file in the specified community when the card is lost stolen or expired and notifies enrolled cardholders of transaction activity observed by Visa’s core processing systems. Visa Transaction Alerts gives cardholders a near real-time view of the transactions conducted on their enrolled Visa cards. The Visa Alerts APIs enable Visa clients, such as issuers, to manage cardholders’ alerts preferences, enrollment, and to search and display alerts notifications such as Threshold, Card Not Present, ATM Withdrawal, International, Decline, Cash Back and Balance.
 This API allows you to incorporate cardholder self-reported travel into your authorization decisions and includes; Add Travel Itinerary, Update Travel Itinerary, Delete Travel Itinerary and Retrieve Travel Itinerary. This helps to avoid mistaken purchase declines while your cardholders are traveling by incorporating cardholder self-reported travel plans into the VisaNet authorization message, informs you whether your cardholder is transacting during the travel dates and at the travel destination they reported and helps to approve transactions when your cardholders make purchases while travelling.
 The TipsGo Business API is used to implement capability similar to the TipsGo MonyChanger API. This API allows access to a global directory of Money Changers and exchange rates for doing foreign currency conversions.
This API is part of the the TipsGo platform, which consists of:A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow/invest and protect their money.
 The Tips Go InvestmentCalculator API can be used to easily build investment and savings calculators and to create graphs showing investment returns over time. This API is specifically designed to get a response to the user with a minimum number of inputs. The API is platform neutral and can be used with any mobile or web application framework.
This API is part of the the TipsGo platform, which consists of:A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow/invest and protect their money.
 The TipsGo MoneyChanger API is used to implement capability similar to the MyMonyChanger App. This API allows access to a global directory of Money Changers and exchange rates for doing foreign currency conversions. The MoneyChanger API facilitates P2P foreign currency exchange and allows you to compare foreign currency exchange rates between banks and money changers for different global locations.
This API is part of the the TipsGo platform, which consists of:A comprehensive set of Tips that are relevant to the user's personal circumstancesA comprehensive database of products that can be used to allow product information and product comparisonA set of financial calculators that can be used to calculate the savings, revenues, benefits etc. based on the user’s personal circumstances and their geographic locationA comprehensive set of APIs (known as the TipsGo APIs) that can be used to access the features and capabilities of the platform from Mobile or Web applicationsAn extensive database that can capture information about the users, their families and connections from a financial perspectiveTipsGo is a recommendation based Money Management Platform. The TipsGo Platform provides Money Management "Tips" (recommendations) to its users. These tips help users make the most of their money by helping them save, grow/invest and protect their money.
federal-reserve-bank-of-st-louis-fred didn't extract the description
federal-reserve-bank-of-st-louis-fraser didn't extract the description
federal-reserve-bank-of-st-louis-geofred didn't extract the description
 The MasterCard Masterpass Merchant Integration API is a checkout service API that allows simple and secure checkout from Masterpass digital wallets. Using this API enables merchants to get payment information from the consumer’s digital wallet and be able to process their order on a website, app or in store. Details on setup can be found in the documentation- once setup and integrated, merchants can implement all the checkout options that are useful for their front end applications. The Merchant Integration API is part of MasterCard's Masterpass APIs.
 The MasterCard Masterpass Merchant Onboarding API offers tools to make onboarding and setup easily available for merchants and service providers using Masterpass. With the Masterpass services, single and multi-merchant options for onboarding are available, and the Merchant Onboarding API has tools to get started and integrated. The Merchant Onboarding API is part of MasterCard's Masterpass APIs.
gdax didn't extract the description
 The Unbill API allows developers to receive user-authorized bill data, such as the latest balance and due date information. The API also lets developers make payments on behalf of the user via credit, debit, or ACH. Autopay is provided as well. Unbill supports over 4,000 billers for recurring expenses such as rent, electricity, phone services, loans, and TV.
 The Fitch Finance API simplifies access to archived securities data of the U.S. equities market. The digitized data that dates back to 1968 is stored in OHLCV format and summarizes the historical details of market performance of more than 20,000 stocks. The RESTful API is functionally designed to support cross-origin-resource sharing and use HTTP response codes to signal errors. It also sends requests in HTTP format and returns responses in JSON format. The Fitch Finance API is a full release that is well documented and appropriately backed by Java, C, ruby, and python languages.
 The NETELLER API supports the secure management and processing of online payments. The API’s RESTful orientation facilitates the deployment of resource-based URIs, effectively affording developers to simple implementation. Developers can use the endpoint for its sandbox environment to test the APIs integration prior to switching to its endpoint for live production. The API’s authentication and accessibility requires valid OAUTH2 token that must be supplied with each request. Its access token is obtainable from the NETELLER OAUTH2 endpoint. The proprietary API is a full release that is accompanies by sufficient documentation.
 The IFSC Bank Codes REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and of IFSC Banks with other applications and websites. Some example API methods include retrieving banks by IFSC code, retrieving banks by MICR code, and searching for codes. IFSC Bank provides data, codes, and information about banks in India.
 The Interactive Data API integrates a real-time system that offers financial market data. Also, it offers analytics and related solutions to financial institutions, active traders and individual investors. This API supports 160+ currencies and commodity data, historical exchange rates, personalized commodity currency data, and hard-to-value instruments. The Interactive Data API is REST based, requires API Keys for authentication, and responds in XML, CSV, XLS, and JSON.
 The Yunbi REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Yunbi with other applications. Some example API methods include managing currency trades, managing verifications, and managing accounts and orders. Yunbi is a cryptocurrency trading platform.
 The Yunbi Swagger API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Yunbi with other applications. Some example API methods include managing currency trades, managing verifications, and managing accounts and orders. Yunbi is a cryptocurrency trading platform.
 The Cloud Elements Finance Hub API provides integrated access to leading cloud-based finance and accounting services, including FreshBooks, Microsoft Dynamics AX, Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains, NetSuite, QuickBooks, Sage One, Sage 200, Sage Live, and Taxify. This allows developers to use uniform API calls to manage their orders and payments across multiple services.
 The Flutterwave API is a new payment solution that allows anyone in Africa to accept payments - essentially Paypal for Africa. Available in JSON architecture with secure HTTPS protocol.
 The Cloud Elements Sage Accounting Hub API provides uniform access to Sage One UK, Sage One US, and Sage Live, allowing developers to use normalized resources when interacting with one or more of those products. There are plans to add access to Sage X3, Sage 50, Sage 100, Sage 300, and MySage in the future.
 The DriveWealth REST API allows developers to integrate the ability to trade U.S. stocks into their mobile apps or business systems. DriveWealth is an investment platform that allows investors to buy fractions of shares, letting them spend the amount of money they want rather than an amount of money determined by company share prices.
 The DriveWealth FIX API allows developers to trade equities using the Financial Information Exchange (FIX) interface. This interface is based on version 4.2 of the FIX Protocol Specification. DriveWealth is an investment platform that allows investors to buy fractions of shares, letting them spend the amount of money they want rather than an amount of money determined by company share prices.
 English:
Unified banking API that allows you to gather financial data directly from online banking - transaction history and account balances.
Supports major Polish banks and financial institutions.
Polski:
Zunifikowane API bankowe pozwalająca pobierać dane finansowe bezpośrednio z serwisów bankowości internetowej - historię operacji bankowych oraz informację o saldach na rachunkach.
Usługa działa z większością polskich banków i innymi instytucjami finansowymi.
 HPI Check API.com is a web service that returns HPI (Hire Purchase inspection) data on UK cars. This can indicate if there are outstanding Hire purchase agreements against a second hand car, and that the car may be collateral in a loan held against it.
 You can use our API to access CommoPrices' information on prices of more than 1,600 commodities in our database. CommoPrices provides up-to-date and independent data. Covering a wide range of commodities and raw materials in the world.
 The 24sessions API enables you to add the power of 24sessions online advice technology to your web or mobile application. With the 24sessions API you can trigger an online video-chat (real time communication) meeting in any browser with screensharing, text-chat and file-sharing. Meetings can be 'now' or 'scheduled' with our booking and meeting scheduling functionality. Finally, sessions can result in a review and recording of the session.
 The Nigeria Stock Exchange API allows developers to integrate Nigerian stock data into their websites. Available feeds include Top Ten Trades, Top Ten Losers, Top Ten Gainers, No Change, and more. This API is provided by NgTradeOnline, a website designed to help users learn to trade stocks listed on the Nigerian Stock Exchange.
 This REST API allows you to get information on ID, account, subscriptions, status and more. Zuora is subscription management system on a cloud platform with a library of reusable apps with a native developer console for building API's. They provide access to a point-and-click workflow engine, pre-built integrations with CRM, gateways, tax engines, general ledgers, and more.
 The Kontomatik Banking API is a read-only API that allows financial institutions to access their users' banking data programmatically. This includes personal data, account balances, and full statements. Kontomatik is a product that allows financial institutions to obtain KYC, perform credit scoring, and build accurate profiles of their customers in order to provide contextual offers.
 The QuantLayer flagship Filings API, built with Ember.js on top of a Phoenix/Elixir integrates securities and exchange financial data. It allows investors, financial journalists, and Wall Street analysts to investigate events. Sign up for access to interact with JSON architecture, authenticate, make requests, and receive responses.
 The College Scorecard Data API integrates school, academics, admissions, students, and repayment methodologies into web services. It is available in HTTP for queries and JSON & CSV for responses. Developers require a Key to access. Additional API information at https://github.com/18F/open-data-maker/blob/api-docs/API.md
 The BINFind API determines the bank, type, and country of an issued card using it's first 6 digits (BIN number). Available in JSON and XML formats with GET and URL as API usage.
 The Booking Notifications API allows for a platform that facilitates programmatic access to financial and booking data. It aims to feed a back office system with post booking information to reduce manual book keeping. Allmyles provides bookable content integration for travel services.
 The TradeIt API aims to enable multi-broker portfolio view and live trading of equities, ETFs, forex, options, and digital assets. The API's goal is to facilitate the integration of a single modernized API, product developers gain access to all major US brokerages plus select international brokerages.
 The Metricle API integrates financial big data alerts in real time. It is available in JSON format with Api Key. As a service, Metricle offers sentiment, user scoring, and event detection. Metricle provides financial data analytics services. For additional details, contact info@metricle.com
 The Tabex PDF to Excel API is a high-speed file conversion solution that is capable of precisely detecting and extracting tabular data from both still and fluid PDF documents. The API not only converts PDF files to Excel but also to a host of other formats that include XML, CSV, HTML, and Text. Its algorithmic orientation allows developers to deploy different modes of API calls while incorporating it in varying magnitudes of work flows that may be analytical or data processing in nature. The RESTful API is a full release with accompanying documentation, although developers must contact the provider to get access to its API key.
 The Kite Connect API enables developers to build a complete investment and trading platform of their own or simply to perform trades programmatically. It includes methods for executing orders in real time, managing portfolios, streaming live market data, and more. Users will need a Zerodah trading account to get started with the API.
 The OCBC Bank Forex API delivers the real-time updates of foreign exchange rate movements of international currencies relative a base currency. Developers can incorporate the API in apps for forex display boards or screens. Its provider is a leading Singaporean bank with international operations in 17 countries. The API returns JSON-formatted responses to calls made using the HTTP GET method.
 The OCBC Bank Credit Card Advisor provides an interactive platform for recommending credit card options on the basis of user-generated preferences and profiles. Developers can use the API to create apps that automate collection of users’ financial and lifestyles profiles and instant conversion of the data into tailored credit card recommendations. The API’s provider is a leading Singaporean bank with international operations in 17 countries. It returns JSON-formatted responses to calls made using the HTTP GET method.
 CityFALCON offers foreign exchange, commodities, and stocks services by providing portfolios with a variety of online publications. This information is based on the user's trading preferences. The Financial News API integrates an application with a curated publication service which sorts news by paywall, publication type, and tweet categories. This API uses JSON for data exchange, and API Keys for authentication. Developers need to register to access API documentation.
 The Investifly API is an integrative builder solution for testing and piloting a diverse range of automated trading techniques in virtual environments prior to deploying them in live trading platforms. The RESTful API is a full release that is accompanied by a Java SDK. It strictly uses JSON format to send requests and return responses. The API’s provider, Investfly LLC, is a leading provider of automated and analytical platforms for algorithmic trading strategies, virtual stock exchange trading, stock market game, and technical stock screener solutions. The Investifly API can be integrated with trading APIs provided by Tradier Inc. and Interactive Brokers.
 The Transpay Mass Payout API allows developers to integrate straight-through processing for payouts into their applications. The API can process and distribute funds in real time in the recipient's local currency, without the need for intermediaries or the SWIFT wire network. Transpay can deliver payouts via direct-to-bank transfers or to one of 250,000+ pickup locations.
 The CURO Payments API allows merchants to integrate payment functions into their own online shops and services. CURO Payments is a company regulated by the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) that specializes in handling financial transactions between customers and online retailers. They also provide services to companies involved in online payments and e-commerce. The CURO Payments website is offered in both Dutch and English.
 The Payment Gateway API by Helcim connects businesses in Canada and the USA with credit card processing services. Accept online payments in the form of Interac Visa, Interac Debit, Visa, American Express, MasterCard, Discover Network, Union Pay and other popular forms of payment. Helcim is a credit card transactional service based in Calgary, Canada.
 Brave New Coin (BNC) provides research and data services that offer trading insight to developers and companies. Its services include Bitcoin price and charts, historical data, and blockchain consulting. The Bitcoin Liquid EOD API connects an application with daily OHLCV data for the BNC Bitcoin Liquid Index based on a midnight UTC close. This REST API uses JSON data format, and requires API Keys for authentication.
 Brave New Coin (BNC) provides research and data services that offer trading insight to developers and companies. Its services include Bitcoin price and charts, historical data, and blockchain consulting. The Digital Currency Exchange Rates API offers over a hundred digital currency exchange rates. This REST API uses JSON data format, and requires API Keys for authentication.
 Worldbox provides reports about companies around the world. Information such as company credit reports, company profiles, management reports, and legal status is available. The Worldbox API is used to integrate a company index and information retrieval service. This REST API uses JSON for data exchange, API Keys and API Secret for authentication.
 Brave New Coin (BNC) provides research and data services that provide trading insight to developers, and companies. Its services include Bitcoin price and charts, historical data, and blockchain consulting. The Digital Currency Tickers API provides index price for more than 100 digital currencies and assets. This API uses JSON data format, and requires API Keys for authentication.
 Brave New Coin (BNC) provides research and data services that offer trading insight to developers and companies. Its services include Bitcoin price and charts, historical data, and blockchain consulting. The Bitcoin Liquid Index API provides historical data for Bitcoin market trading, and features daily T-WAP and V-WAP, and 30 second indexed ticks. This API uses JSON data format, and requires API Keys for authentication.
 Brave New Coin (BNC) provides research and data services that offer trading insight to developers and companies. Its services include Bitcoin price and charts, historical data, and blockchain consulting. The Bitcoin B-WAP API is built on the BNC BLX (Bitcoin Liquid Index), and features Bitcoin blockchain transaction search, and scalability. This REST API uses JSON data format, and requires API Keys for authentication.
 NuaPay API allows merchants to collect payments using the SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) Direct Debit payment method and to integrate this payment method into their systems. To implement, add the Mandate and the Direct Debit Schedule. Protocols available in HTTP, JSON, and REST. Access with authentication via basic authentication, Key, and OAuth2.
 Kaiko's Blockchain explorer provides data from the blockchain (such as transactions, blocks, and addresses). It also provides balance per address, unspent monitoring, and contextual data in HTTP, JSON, and REST format. Developers can access the API via token.
kaiko-bitcoin-price-index-(kxbt) didn't extract the description
 CoinSecure is an API that aims to provide developers with a secure way to facilitate transactions with Bitcoin. The API intends to offer features such as security, trade free exchanges, and platform support.
 The societeinfo API provides access to data and information about French companies (such as legal information, financial data, websites, social networks, phones, mails, and marks). This societeinfo API documentation is in French.
 The AnyChart API is a flexible, cross-platform and cross-browser HTML5/JavaScript charting library. AnyChart charts can be easily made interactive and built in real-time with client-side data updates, multi-level drill-downs and specific parameter updates. The powerful theme engine enables unique presentation experience across your entire set of charts, while PDF and image exporting enable producing printable documents in book quality.
AnyChart offers 4 main products:
*AnyChart JS Charts - interactive HTML5 "basic" JS charts including line, area, gauges, bubble, box plot, error bars, waterfall, polar, and many other chart types.
*AnyStock Financial and Stock JS Charts - interactive HTML5 real-time stock charts with technical indicators (MACD, ROC, SMA, RSI...) which can be used for any date/time based graphs.
*AnyMap JS Maps - interactive HTML5 maps to display sales by region, election results, population density or any other geo-related data.
*AnyGantt JS Gantt Charts - interactive Project (task based), and Schedule (resource based) HTML5 Gantt charts with configurable timeline, data grid and more.
 The GCX.io API allows developers to integrate the ability to invest, trade, or pay with gold into their websites and applications. GCX allows users to possess "digital gold" that is fully backed by LBMA-approved physical gold. Users' gold holdings are auditable against physical bullion reserves held by Brinks at their facility in London, Heathrow.
 Hedgeable is a sophisticated digital wealth management platform. The Hedgeable API allows developers to integrate their application with Hedgeable, which enables them to pull back client data and analytics, build custom UI and applications, and outsource wealth management capabilities to Hedgeable. The API is REST based, and is currently in beta.
 The Financial Times API is available in two versions. The first version provides access to articles, slideshows, and blog posts. The second version provides access to basic information about FT articles, blog posts, and FastFT posts. This second version of the API is still under development. The Financial Times is a newspaper that focuses on business and economics.
 Bitbond is a Bitcoin lending system. This system works as an intermediary between Bitcoin investors and borrowers. The nature of cryptocurrencies allows for a global loan market. The Bitbond API is used to gain access to this peer-to-peer network, create an investment client, and obtain historical data about loans and borrowers. This API returns data in JSON format, and uses OAuth 2 for authentication.
 The Tradable platform API allows developers to embed real-time financial trading features into their apps across multiple brokerages and asset classes via one simple integration. Users can trade their accounts directly from their favorite apps.
 The CSAS Netbanking API provides developers with REST API interfaces, for accessing bank accounts' information and data of the authenticated user. CSAS is Česká spořitelna (Czech Savings Bank), the largest Czech bank by number of clients.
 The MarketProphit API is a social media based financial management platform. MarketProphit compiles data from financial pundits, bloggers, tweets, etc. and creates ranks and scores for financial trading guidance. MarketProphit’s API gives developers access to MarkeProhit’s database, which includes information such as: historical and daily 'crowd sentiment', market sentiment, tweet volume and 'buzz', and ticker scores.
 OpenFIGI API is a channel that links the financial transaction identifiers of third-party providers to the Financial Instrument Global Identifier (FIGI). FIGI aids open data identification of the trading transactions involving financial instruments that represent different classes of assets. Provided by Bloomberg on behalf of the Object Management Group, the FIGI features fixed identifiers that facilitate operational efficiencies to the spectrum of stakeholders that constitute the financial markets value chain. The OpenFIGI API conveys HTTP requests and returns responses in JSON format. It exists as a fully-supported release that comes with publicly accessible documentation.
 XigniteBondsFile provides users with data on bonds reported to FINRA TRACE. This data includes: CUSIP and ISIN identifiers, bond maturity dates, and the size and price of filed trades. XigniteBondsFile can be synced with accounting and bond analysis tools such as Matlab and R. Documentation can be accessed via contacting the provider.
 The Xignite GlobalHistoricalFile is an equities and ETF- trading API. This API gives users access to stock analysis data such as end-of-day prices, trading currency codes, split ratios, etc. GlobalHistoricalFile can be synced with other accounting and stock analysis applications. Documentation can be accessed via contacting the provider.
 Xignite GlobalCurrenciesFile is a currency exchange data API. This API offers daily forex rates for 150 currencies, currency conversion rates, and it can be synced with accounting and stock analysis tools. Documentation can be accessed via contacting the provider.
 XigniteGlobalOptionsFile offers users data on equity options trading US and international exchanges. Data includes, end-of-day prices, bid and ask quotes, last trade price for the day, contract expiration dates, etc. XigniteGlobalOptionsFile can be synced with other accounting and analysis tools including Matlab and R. Documentation can be accessed via contacting the provider.
 The AnywhereCommerce REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AnywhereCommerce with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. AnywhereCommerce provides merchants payment platforms and online point-of-sale (POS) functionality and support.
 The Pave REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Pave with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with account service. Pave is a funding and loan service provider that focuses on borrowers needing education or career financial support.
 The Equitywerks API allows developers to integrate their application with the Equitywerks services, providing users e.g. commodity traders, equity traders, and other portfolio managers trade accounting and portfolio accounting solutions. The API provides a programmable interface to the core engine, which tracks orders, trades, and position; determines P&L; provides daily statements; and matches trades (P&S).
 The Gemini Accunt Status REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gemini with other applications. The main API method is retrieving available balances of bitcoin. Gemini is an online marketplace for buying, selling, and trading bitcoins.
 The Gemini Session REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gemini with other applications. The main API method is preventing a session from timing out and cancelling orders. Gemini is an online marketplace for buying, selling, and trading bitcoins.
 The Gemini Order Placement REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gemini with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving orders, canceling orders, and managing orders placed. Gemini is an online marketplace for buying, selling, and trading bitcoins.
 The Gemini Order Status REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gemini with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving order status, listing current orders, and listing past trades. Gemini is an online marketplace for buying, selling, and trading bitcoins.
 The Gemini Public REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Gemini with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving trading information, retrieving order book information, and retrieving trading history. Gemini is an online marketplace for buying, selling, and trading bitcoins.
 The Coinbase Merchants REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Coinbase Merchants with other applications. Some example API methods include accepting bitcoin payments, creating bitcoin payment buttons and functionality, and sending and managing invoices for bitcoin payment. Coinbase is an online marketplace for buying, selling, and trading bitcoins.
 The Coinbase Exchange REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Coinbase Exchange with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving market information, retrieving trading history, and monitoring open orders. Coinbase is an online marketplace for buying, selling, and trading bitcoins.
 The Coinbase Blockchain REST API, also known as Toshi, allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Coinbase Blockchain with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving blocks by recency, retrieving transaction information, and subscribing to blockchain data. Coinbase is an online marketplace for buying, selling, and trading bitcoins.
 The BitStamp Websocket REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Bitstamp with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving real-time live streaming of tickers, books, and orders. BitStamp is an online exchange for bitcoins.
planwise-planning-&-modeling didn't extract the description
 The Autochartist Technical Analysis API is a XML and JSON formatted API that offers users financial data analysis. Autochartist provides their data in a variety of ways including: Fibonacci patterns, chart patterns, and horizontal levels. Autochartist analyzes global financial markets every 15 minutes providing up-to-date information. The are creators of the Autochartist chart pattern recognition platform, MT4 plug-in, and PowerStats.
 The FNA Platform API allows developers to access financial network data in the form of a time series. The FNA platform is a cloud-based solution that is designed to model, analyze, and visualize financial networks. It can connect to databases or online data sources and automate data analytics to enable real-time, data-based decision-making.
 The Vetr API gives developers access to Vetr's crowdsourced investment research data. Vetr calculates a star rating and target price for stocks through algorithms, news, and user input. The Vetr API is RESTful, and can be accessed by obtaining an API key via contacting contact@vetr.com.
 Introducting the API for Loan Origination & Back-end Servicing that really does it Just-like-that.
TreasuryView™ provides OpenAPI infrastructure for developers. Such an API enables creation of new clientcentric self-service solutions and processes in financial institutions. Either for B2B/B2C customers in lending or in interest rate derivatives.
From lending side we offer fixed rate, annuity, floating rate loans. In contrast to fixed known rate in fixed rate or annuity loan, reference rate of a floating rate loan will change during a loan period. More common reference rates are supported: overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month, and 12-month. TreasuryView™ OpenAPI can be used to code virtually any type of business loan, mortgage loan, overnight loan, amortizing loan or many other types of loans.
From derivatives we support interest rates swaps (IRS). It could be vanilla fixed-rate swap (payer swap or receiver swap) or more structured one (basis swap). More instruments are in pipeline.
Try also annuity loan calculator, which uses TreasuryView™ API.
 Stellar is a platform that helps developers in building financial products and applications. It features a decentralized distributed database, Multisig, and smart contracts. Horizon is Stellar's client-facing API server that connects to the ledger (Stellar Core). The Stellar Horizon API is REST based and returns data in JSON format. It is used to submit transactions to Stellar Core, check the status of accounts, subscribe to event streams, among other functions.
the API/code can be acquired at https://github.com/stellar/go/tree/master/services/horizon and Stellar Core at https://github.com/stellar/stellar-core
 Coinhills is a cryptocurrency and stock market index platform. It features a fully customizable dashboard, portfolio manager, and cryptocurrency news reader. Currency pairs are available as well. The CSPA (Coinhills Spot Price Average) Index API provides price data based on Coinhills' registered markets. This API returns data in JSON, and JSONP formats.
 OpenACH is a South Dakota payment processing system provider. EasyOFAC is an OFAC compliance platform which features layered fuzzy search to avoid false positives. Also, it provides real time monitoring for ongoing compliance, and guided compliance workflow. This API is is REST based, returns data in JSON format, and uses API keys for authentication.
 The FeedSyndicate Stocks and Markets API allows developers to get delayed quote data that is updated each minute during trading hours and delayed according to individual exchange requirements. This API is derived from the FeedSyndicate Stocks, Markets, and Indices Data feeds, which provide access to continuously updated stocks, markets, and index data from over one hundred major markets around the world. FeedSyndicate provides full news to entertainment content feeds for websites and applications.
 PayMaya is a financial company located in Philippines that develops online payment solutions. PayMaya tailors its services to businesses that cannot accept credit card payments, and functions as an intermediary. The Checkout API offers merchants a way to accept online payments, and also offers an express checkout feature. This API is REST based and the developer will require an API key.
 The Bitbond BitcoinPPI API measures the value of Bitcoin by its purchasing power of a Big Mac hamburger. It supports conversion to a local currency, and global average purchasing power. This API responds in JSON format, and its data is updated every 15 minutes. Bitbond provides Bitcoin loans to a global market.
 The Paysera Notification API allows developers to receive notifications from account events. Parameters include credit, currency, amount, beneficiary, and payment. A PHP library is available to support integration, in addition to JSON and REST protocols, which are part of Paysera Wallet API. Paysera provides secured and easy online money transfers via mobile phones.
 The Hyperwallet Payout API brings developers an efficient and accessible platform for executing payouts to a globally dispersed workforce. This API provides the tools needed to quickly and securely make payments to everyone on the workforce. Hyperwallet offers payouts with flexibility, freedom, and on-demand tracking.
 The BlockCypher Wallet API allows developers to organize public addresses. Formats in HTTP, JSON, and REST. API available with token. Resources present how to work with hierarchies, use wallets, and create endpoints. BlockCypher is a block chain platform for powering cryptocurrency applications. Currently, BlockCypher supports Bitcoin, Bitcoin Testnet3, Litecoin, Dogecoin, and BlockCypher's Test Chain.
 The BlockCypher Asset API allows to embed assets across blockchains. Protocols in JSON, REST, and HTTP. Endpoints available to generate asset address, issue asset, transfer asset, and list asset. BlockCypher is a block chain platform for powering cryptocurrency applications. Currently, BlockCypher supports Bitcoin, Bitcoin Testnet3, Litecoin, Dogecoin, and BlockCypher's Test Chain.
 The BlockCypher Address API permits developers to find addresses, generate single addresses, and collect multiple addresses in the blockchain. Protocols available in HTTP, JSON, and REST. Api accessible with token. BlockCypher is a block chain platform for powering cryptocurrency applications. Currently, BlockCypher supports Bitcoin, Bitcoin Testnet3, Litecoin, Dogecoin, and BlockCypher's Test Chain.
 The BlockCypher Metadata API allows developers to storage private and public addresses. API available with token that can be obtained by creating an account. Protocols in HTTP, JSON, and REST. BlockCypher is a block chain platform for powering cryptocurrency applications. Currently, BlockCypher supports Bitcoin, Bitcoin Testnet3, Litecoin, Dogecoin, and BlockCypher's Test Chain.
 Synapse Payments software platform for banks and businesses makes storage and movement of value quick, easy and safe. From crowdfunding and recurring rent payments to lending and international remittances, SynapsePay's white label API allows you to on-board users, verify their identity and perform compliance checks then verify bank details to transact today and in the future. Pricing plans range from 5-20 cents / transactions + a subscription fee for features (https://synapsepay.com/pricing/).
 figo.io is the first Banking-as-a-Service in Europe. It enables access to every financial services provider through one API. With the figo Banking API developers can integrate the access to a bank account, the history of transactions, and the submission of payments. Authentication is available via OAuth2. Formats in JSON and REST allow to request and receive responses to retrieve bank accounts, modify bank accounts, and remove a PIN number from the server.
 FIGARO API is a REST-structured platform for developing transactional financial management applications. It allows developers to link the financial management infrastructures of clients to FIGARO’s financial management tools. The API is also malleable to third-party entities seeking to integrate or customize it into their systems. FIGARO API’s provider, JHC Systems, offers web- and mobile-based management solutions for financial markets. The FIGARO API returns data in JSON and XML formats. Its HTTP protocol facilitates simplicity of communication and flexibility to standard SSL encryption between provider and client sides. Access to the API’s release details is restricted to members of the Figaro Community portal. Non members must contact the provider’s staff to organize access.
 The ADP Tax API brings developers tools for Tax Credits Screening Solutions. With this API, users can initiate a tax credit screening, find and view details of an existing screening, retrieve tax forms, and more. The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management. Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US, but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon. ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S.
 ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S. The ADP Time API brings developers tools for Time and Labor Management Services. This includes Time Entry, Time Notifications, and Time Off Requests and Approvals. The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management. Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US, but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon.
 The ADP Marketplace API provides a structure to interact with the other ADP APIs. The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management. Using the API Explorer, you can easily access all of the APIs and begin building your apps. Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US, but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon. ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S.
 The ADP Benefits API brings developers tools for Health and Welfare Administration Services. This includes Benefit Elections and Enrollment Services, Flexible Spending Account Management, and Retirement Plans. The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management. Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US, but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon.
 The ADP Payroll API brings developers tools for Payroll Management and Services. This includes Pay Statements and Distributions, Tax Statements, ATM Locators, Paycard Funding Initiation, and more. The ADP APIs are built across eight pillars of Human Capital Management. Currently the ADP APIs are only available in the US, but will be opened up to the rest of the world soon. ADP provides payroll services to businesses in the U.S.
 The DusuPay Merchant API allows developers to integrate the DusuPay payment channel into their websites, which enables them to handle online payments for goods, services, and utilities in Africa. DusuPay allows customers to make purchases online without the need for a credit or debit card by using their DusuPay account or a Dusu voucher purchased at a physical store, such as a supermarket or gas station.
 Finicity's Aggregation API offers services for partners that brings together Transaction, Account History, and Statement Aggregation, along with ACH Account Verification. Partners can utilize tools for enrollment and registering of online accounts and fetching transactions of customers (the end-users). Finicity delivers secure and user-friendly services to power their partners financial management.
 The XigniteSuperQuotes API allows developers to access real-time and delayed quotes for asset classes such as equities, funds, and indices. Because the API automatically routes and sources information based on user preferences, users can continue using the same API as they add new asset classes or exchange entitlements to their subscriptions. This API is provided by Xignite, a leading provider of market data cloud solutions. Documentation is available upon request.
 The XigniteGlobalHolidays API allows developers to retrieve holiday schedules for exchanges and settlement dates for financial centers. Data is available from 2010 to 2039 and covers hundreds of major exchanges and financial centers around the world. This API is provided by Xignite, a leading provider of market data cloud solutions. Documentation is available upon request.
 The XigniteGlobalNews API allows developers to retrieve headlines and summaries for news articles relating to the economy, business, or the financial sector. The API also covers news on metals, foreign exchange, and commodities trading. This API is provided by Xignite, a leading provider of market data cloud solutions. Documentation is available upon request.
 The XigniteWidgets API allows developers to integrate widgets displaying real-time and historical financial content into their websites and applications. These widgets are capable of displaying stock quotes, forex data, and economic news and events. This API is provided by Xignite, a leading provider of market data cloud solutions. Documentation is available upon request.
 The XigniteFactSetFundamentals API allows developers to access financial statement data and daily calculated fundamental data for over 70,000 equities around the world. This data is gathered and cross-checked by data teams from FactSet Research Systems. This API is provided by Xignite, a leading provider of market data cloud solutions. Documentation is available upon request.
 The XigniteGlobalHistorical API allows developers to get historical prices for equities trading on more than 50 global exchanges. Available price data includes closing prices, highs, lows, and market volume going back to 2000. This API is provided by Xignite, a leading provider of market data cloud solutions. Documentation is available upon request.
 The XigniteIPOs API allows developers to integrate initial public offering (IPO) data - including IPO pipeline, IPO calendar, IPO schedule, and performance data - from NASDAQ, NYSE, BATS Exchange, and OTCBB markets into their websites and applications. This API is provided by Xignite, a leading provider of market data cloud solutions. Documentation is available upon request.
 The XigniteNAVs API allows developers to access Net Asset Value (NAV) data for U.S. mutual funds. This data is updated daily at the end of the day and is intended to facilitate research and analysis of mutual fund performances. This API is provided by Xignite, a leading provider of market data cloud solutions. Documentation is available upon request.
 QuantConnect's REST API (v 1.0) aims to increment versions with routing or JSON variable mapping changes. The API allows developers to map out the endpoints and JSON is used to perform basic processes in QuantConnect via a REST API. Requests are rate limited to one request every 3 seconds. QuantConnect is a financial data algorithm platform.
 The Open PermID Record Matching API is a useful developer tool to match your own entity data to Thomson Reuters identifiers. Some of the features of this API are resolving your Organization, Instrument or Quote records to permid.org URLs, reconciling your data with Thomson Reuters data, and using obtained identifiers to get more information on your records from Thomson Reuters via the search API.
Permid.Org record matching is the first step to integrating your existing data with Thomson Reuters PermID. Thomson Reuters Open PermID helps users to extract high quality linked data.
 The Open PermID Entity Search API brings developers tools to retrieve entities in two prominent ways: by including in the request the PermID service itself and by searching for an entity by name, ticker, or RIC (Reuters Instrument Code). The PermID Service lets you utilize the permanent ID of 3.5 million organizations, 240K equity instruments and 1.17 million equity quotes from the Thomson Reuters core entity data set. Thomson Reuters Open PermID helps users to extract high quality linked data.
 Use the Robur Co-Financial API to access Quandl's extensive financial data. The API is RESTful and uses GET/POST methods over HTTPS with API Keys for authentication. Use the Co-Financial API to access databases such as the Securities and Exchange Commission Filings, Wiki EOD Stock Prices, US Equity Historical & Option Implied Volatilities, and many more. See the API documentation for full dataset descriptions, code samples, and rate limits.
 Commercial Loan Direct provides a user-friendly API to give website developers the ability to show key market interest rates on their website. The Commercial Loan Direct API returns a table with the current key market commercial interest rates. Commercial Load Direct is an online commercial real estate and mortgage banking firm.
 The Aplos API provides accounting solutions for non-profit organizations. It returns information in JSON format. It offers an integrated set of web-services such as contribution management, and fund accounting. Aplos offers its integrated, accounting products to churches and non-profit organizations.
 Options City API provides financial implementation to trading based applications. This API only supports JSON responses. Developers need to setup an account to access cloud services. OptionsCity Software is a global provider of electronic trading solutions for professional futures and options traders.
 FundPaas is a platform-as-a-service leveraging crowdfunding tools for startups and investors. The Investor Onboarding API registers and verifies investors all in one tool. The API uses JSON for requests/responses with HTTP methods, and API Keys for authentication. Use the FundPaas Investor Onboarding API to manage investor ID verification, accreditation, anti-money laundering checks, and more. See the API docs for detailed function descriptions and code samples.
 (ed: As of March, 2017, this API is currently inactive) FundPaas is a platform-as-a-service leveraging crowdfunding tool for startups and investors. The Business Onboarding API is used to register a business, associate a business type, and determine roles for business principals. The API uses JSON for requests and responses with HTTP methods, and API Keys for authentication. The API documentation outlines methods and provides code samples.
 Pich makes it easy for business and developers to connect to bank accounts. Our customers can now easily integrate high quality transaction data into their applications and workflows. Our Modern and RESTful API abstracts away the complexity of having to integrate directly across various financial entities. Pich is proven provider helping our customers in areas of account aggregation, identity verification, and risk management.
 The Crowd Valley REST API provides developers access to integrate the functionality of Crowd Valley with other applications and to create other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving organization information, retrieving investment information, and managing user information. Crowd Valley provides financial information and backend support for creating of digital financial and investment platforms.
 Sentdex specializes in the analysis of finance, politics, and geographical data. The company's slogan is: Qualifying the Quantitative, offering sentiment analysis technology to try to predict results, without the guaranty to take it as an investment advice. The API offers financial trading signals and raw data from the stock sentiment analysis database.
Contact the founder Harrison@sentdex.com for customized solutions.
 With BlockCypher,the crypto-currency platform as a service, developers can create block chain applications with the APIs that include Transaction API. In detail, this API affords to find information related to unconfirmed transactions, create own transactions, and embed data on the blockchain based on the coin chosen for endpoints.
 What the Microtransaction API does in addition to the Transaction API, is to propagate smaller and more frequent transactions that still exist on the blockchain and are still publicly auditable. BlockCypher pays the mining fees for the first 8,000 microtransactions. After that number, the company optimizes a fee to gain balance and achieve results.
 Vatlayer is a simple REST-based JSON API offering instant EU VAT (Value Added Tax) number validation, VAT compliant price calculations and VAT rates for all 28 current member states of the European Union. Its system is secured by HTTPS and focused on ease of use & integration, delivering all VAT data in lightweight and highly portable JSON format.
 The IAmReal Social Validation API allows developers to integrate their applications with the Social Validation service provided by I Am Real, enabling them to authenticate users by using their Facebook profile. I Am Real enables websites, applications and content providers to verify their users against their online profiles.
 Previously named Bitreserve, the Uphold API integrates transactions into applications. JSON format is available to send requests and receive responses. Developers require token to access the API. Methods include currencies, tickets, accounts, cards, contacts, users, and statistics.
 Currencylayer provides a REST API with real-time and historical exchange rates for 168 world currencies and precious metals, delivered in a JSON format and compatible with any application, framework or language. Currencylayer forex data powers currency converters, mobile apps and back-office systems around the world.
 The Affirm REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Affirm with other applications. Some example API methods include managing checkout functions, retrieving charge information, and managing shipping and contact information. Affirm is an online payment platform that allows users to pay over time and allows merchants to offer a pay over time option on their website and applications.
 The BitMEX API allows users to automate their BitMEX trading and account management functions. BitMEX (The Bitcoin Mercantile Exchange) is a cryptocurrency derivatives platform built by financial professionals. The platform is a safe place to hedge risk, since profits are never clawed back. BitMEX employs multi-factor security and uses multi-signature wallets for all transactions.
 Use the Real-Time Federal Campaign Finance API to find campaign finance information on federal candidates, committees, PACs, and other groups that file with the Federal Election Commission (FEC). The API returns results in JSON or CSV and requires an API Key. Information provided by groups that file electronically is available immediately, while groups that file on paper have their information added as soon as it is digitized by the FEC. See the project page for more information and to access a test API.
 Instant access to a wealth of financial data feeds, including:
Basic company information
Standardized financial statements
As-reported financial statements
Historical stock prices
Real time stock prices
Sales, Growth & Earnings Estimates
Analyst Price Targets
Pricing Data for 16 Indices
Valuation ratios
200,000 economic data series
Company news
Over 120 metrics & ratios
Insider Transactions & Ownership
Institutional Holdings
FDIC Call, UBPR & Y-9C Reports
EOD Pricing for 28 of the Largest International Exchanges
And much more...
all connected via an organized Security Master so you know that no matter which data point you are pulling across data sets you're getting the correct information.
Browse through the data feeds in the Intrinio Marketplace, and subscribe only to the feeds you need. Get instant access to your API keys, and start pulling down data.
We can't wait to see what you build.
 The Kimono Labs SEC REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Kimono Labs SEC with other applications. This EDGAR® Online SEC API provides easy, programmatic access to data from ~19,000 public company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Some example API methods include retrieving information on companies, retrieving reports from companies, and retrieving financial forms. Kimono Labs offers a tool that allows users to create an API using any web page directly from within a browser.
 The WealthEngine REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of WealthEngine with other applications. Public documentation is not available; API access comes with a developer account. WealthEngine is a platform that allows users to look up wealth and net worth information about people and prospects for sales and fundraising.
 The Monitr Financial REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Monitr with other applications. Developers can capture and pull analytics on market sentiment, economic data, financial news, and social media. Public documentation is not available; developers can request an API key here: http://www.monitr.com/developers#.
 The Coinalytics Blockstem REST API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Coinalytics using JSON. Some example API methods include retrieving blockchain address information, managing user information, and returning transaction data and information. Coinalytics provides tools that offer information and analytics about Bitcoin blockchain. Possible uses include compliance, business intelligence, and finance in the Bitcoin industry.
 The Customer Account Data API provides developers access to end-user financial account and transactional information from different financial institutions. Intuit is one of the service providers specialized in small business, personal finance, and tax software.
 The Deep Audit API makes calls over HTTPS with returns in JSON or XML. There is a rate limit of 500 requests per hour. An application key is required and available by request from Deep Audit. Use the Deep Audit API to access publicly available financial data from over 20,000 companies for free. All data comes from the Securities and Exchange Commission and is extracted using XBRL. See the API home page for detailed information on implementing Deep Audit as well as some code examples.
 The GetRateSummary API allows developers to access the current rates and the previous weeks rates per loan type from Zillow Mortgage Marketplace. Current supported loan types are: 30-year fixed, 15-year fixed, and 5/1 ARM. The GetRateSummary API aims to return rates for a specific state if the optional state parameter is used.
 The Snowflake Widget API allows 3rd party sites to display the Simply Wall St's 'Snowflake’ for any company in the Simply Wall St database, or display another company at random that fits a specific criteria. The ‘Snowflake’ is generated by Simply Wall St and an associated infographic for companies on the NYSE, Nasdaq, LSE and ASX is also generated daily.
 The Zacks Dividends API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Dividends database. This database offers dividend history and announcements for over 5,000 US listed companies calculated by Zacks Research.
 The Zacks Fundamentals Collection API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Zacks Fundamentals Collection database. This database contains over 70 fundamental indicators for over 6000 US Equities going back 10 years in time for both annual and quarterly fiscal periods.
 The Zacks Sales Surprises API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Zacks Sales Surprises database. This database offers sales surprises history for over 5,000 US and Canadian listed companies as calculated by Zacks Research.
 The Zacks Analyst Recommendations API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Zacks Analyst Recommendations database. This database offers analysts recommendations for over 5000 publicly traded companies as calculated by Zacks Research.
 The Zacks Earnings Estimates Trend API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Zacks Earnings Estimates Trend database. This database offers trends on consensus earnings estimates showing revision activity over the last 7, 30, 60 and 90 days for over 5,000 US and Canadian listed companies as calculated by Zacks Research.
 The Zacks Street Earnings Estimate API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Zacks Street Earnings Estimate database. Zacks Street Earnings Estimate database offers consensus street earnings estimates for over 5,000 US and Canadian listed companies as calculated by Zacks Research. Street earnings estimates exclude non-recurring items and include employee stock option expenses on a case by case basis, rather than across the board.
 The Twenty15Coin API by T15EX is a BitCoin exchange API. Divided into public and private API versions, the API can be used to retrieve daily BitCoin transaction statistics, such as current trading prices, and trade volumes. With an API key, developers can return account balances, open new orders, retrieve deposit information, withdraw funds, and process orders. Twenty15 is a secure interface that enables users to purchase and trade BitCoins with low fees.
 Forecast.it is a predictive Project and Portfolio Management (PPM) platform. The Forecast.it API is a complete programmable interface to all Forecast.it functionality, allowing project management, estimation, and forecasting objectives to be integrated with third party systems. The API is RESTful, using JSON for serialization and HTTP Basic Authentication for access.
 F9Analytics, owned and operated by Codeworks, offers financial analytics tools for commercial real estate. The F9Analytics Lease Optimizer employs an algorithm that considers metrics such as lease term, property value, start rate, escalations, and more data to determine an optimized lease that reaches long term financial objectives for a tenant and landlord. The F9Analytics tool can be accessed via the F9Analytics iOS app, or can be downloaded to be accessed on a company's corporate server as a cross platform enterprise API.
 The Stock Pulse Keyword Analysis API enables users to explore the association count with keywords associated with the tag "stocks." The API searches a large dataset of linked bookmarks, and counts the number of occurrences for each keyword. A call can be made to view the available 'tags,' returning a JSON serialized array arranged by the popularity of the word. Searching for other tags, such as "apple" will return the most commonly associated keywords with that word, such as "stocks, money, iphone, mac..." etc. The API is supported by Thinktag. Example requests include:
http://www.stock-pulse.com/spring/keywords/stocks,
http://www.stock-pulse.com/spring/keywords/finance,
http://www.stock-pulse.com/spring/keywords/investing,
 Buttercoin is a bitcoin and cryptocurrency buying, selling, and trading platform. The Buttercoin API allows developers to connect their applications to the Buttercoin Marketplace to deposit and withdraw funds from accounts and execute trades without going through the web interface.
 ACHeck21 is a payment processing system that allows users to process both ACH and Check21 transactions. The ACHeck21 API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of ACHeck21 with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving account information, processing transactions, and retrieving transaction data.
 Free Sales Tax Rates for Developers
Our Tax Rates API is an easy way for you to use sales tax rates in your project. Our API is powered by our tax rule content, and rates are updated as tax rules change to stay current. You can use this API to:
- Get the sales tax rate for a five digit zip code in the United States
- Get the sales tax rate for a specific street address in the United States
Avalara is an online tax filing solution that integrates with QuickBooks, MSDun, Magento, 3dcart, and others. The Avalara Tax Rates API will accept country and postal codes as inputs to retrieve the corresponding sales tax rate for an area. The API can also accept an address along with the country, state, and zip code in order to determine a specific location's tax rates. The Tax Rates API returns a JSON response that lists individual jurisdictions, a summary, and the corresponding tax rates returned as decimal equivalents to percentages. The Avalara Tax Rates API has a limit of 15 tax rate requests per minute.
 VentureFund.io 's Traction API can be integrated into startup mobile applications. The API will track performance, monitor unique visitors to the site, and create an engagement data profile that can be used to pitch the app idea to investors. The idea is to replace standard methods of pitching to investors with a model that is fully based off the app's marketplace performance using raw data. These insights into key performance indicators are also used to create an approximate valuation of the startup. Currently in a private beta, interested parties can request access to the API by visiting VentureFund.io.
 ID Services (formerly GruntRoll) provides authentication services for U.S. Military and Veterans. A JS-SDK and REST API are available at https://id.services
 Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses. The Yodlee platform provides real-time account verification. The Yodlee Instant Account Verification SOAP API lets developers to integrate this service with their applications, enabling them to verify consumers’ account information in real-time using Simple Object Access Protocol.
 Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses. The Yodlee platform provides real-time account verification. The Yodlee Instant Account Verification REST API lets developers to integrate this service with their applications, enabling them to verify consumers’ account information in real-time using Representational State Transfer.
 Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses. The Yodlee platform aggregates consumers’ data or sets of data based on the consumers’ permissions. The Yodlee Aggregation SOAP API lets developers to integrate this data with their applications, enabling them to request for consumers’ data using Simple Object Access Protocol.
 Yodlee Interactive is a cloud platform that provides digital financial services for businesses. The Yodlee platform aggregates consumers’ data or sets of data based on the consumers’ permissions. The Yodlee Aggregation REST API lets developers to integrate this data with their applications, enabling them to request for consumers’ data in the RESTful way.
 PayPal is an e-commerce based business that lets users to make and transfer payments electronically. The PayPal Merchant API lets developers integrate its merchant features and functionality with their applications, enabling their clients to have access to, and to manage their PayPal’s merchant account directly. This API is SOAP based.
 Based in the Isle of Man, CoinCorners is a Bitcoin exchange and eCommerce payment gateway offering mobile apps and an API to access their platform. The CoinCorners API enables users to manage their accounts programmatically via integration with 3rd party systems. The call limit for requests is at 60 requests per minute. The public version of the API can specifically can be implemented to retrieve ticker, order-book, and transaction information. The private API can be used to retrieve account balances, withdraw Bitcoin, edit existing orders, and more.
 BitPay hosts a REST-based interface for developers to interact with a user's BitPay account and online Bitcoin payment service. Users can submit orders in over 30 currencies, display payment instructions, receive payment notifications, and receive payouts to banks in 9 countries. The BitPay Rate API returns exchange rates which compare the price of Bitcoin to hundreds of currencies across the world. The API can be accessed over HTTPS and returns a JSON-formatted responses.
 Coinfloor is a secure Bitcoin trading venue based in London. It allows users to securely trade Bitcoins for Pounds Sterling, Euros, Polish Zlotys, and US Dollars. Coinfloor offers two-factor authentication and 100% cold storage. Developers can integrate with Coinfloor's trading platform in order to control their accounts and place orders using the Coinfloor API.
 Fidor is a FinTech friendly European online bank that offers public APIs for banking, cards and community services. Everyone can register and can test the API with a sandbox. Account holders can use the API to access their production accounts (e.g. current accounts, savings accounts, segregated accounts, escrow accounts). And service providers may use the API to access customer data and accounts - authentication protocol is OAuth 2.0. Fidor supports SEPA, UK and global payments schemes, in single transactions as well as batch transfers. The API also supports direct debits. The blocked amount API enables wallets and payment guarantees (e.g. used by smava.de and bitcoin.de). Latest API features offer identity management, loyalty points, cards management, recurring payments, stored receivers and several improvements for mobile security.
 Floify is a borrower portal that securely collects mortgage loan documents and allows borrowers to check their loan status. It helps loan originators with the process of requesting and gathering loan documents, issuing requests for additional documents, and sending out status updates to everyone who needs them. Developers can integrate their system with Floify by using Floify's RESTful APIs.
 CheckAlt offers an API to allow developers to incorporate Check21 services into web applications and websites. This allows payments for credit, loan, and mortgage to be customized for specific online needs, and enabling developers to incorporate eChecks into online payments.
 Worldwide Bitcoin Exchange (WBE) is a Bitcoin and Litecoin exchange service. GET HTTP calls can be made to the WBE public API in order to return Bitcoin & LItecoin data including average prices, high and low trades within the last 24 hours, highest bid, and highest asks. Calls to the orderbook can additionally be made to access their directory of recent bids and asks. In order to access the private API, developers require an API key, user name, and signature. WBE users can generate API keys from their accounts. The private API functions include posting an order and editing existing orders using POST HTTP methods.
 Immobilien Scout 24 is a Real Estate company in Germany that lets customers to search for ads, build houses, and decorate. The Construction Financing API allows developers to integrate functions such as searching for offers, contacting mortgage providers, and attaching images of properties into their own applications. Outputs are in XML and JSON formats.
 This API allows access to Zacks Research database offering consensus sales estimates for over 5,000 US and Canadian listed companies. This data is derived from from surveys of more than 2,600 analysts from 185 North American brokerage firms.
This Quandl API is available in CSV, JSON, XML, and HTML. This is a Premium API and requires an authentication token if usage exceeds 50 calls a day.
 This API provides access to Zacks Research database of estimated announcement dates, estimation parameters and supplemental data regarding EPS estimates and EPS actuals for over 5000 publicly traded companies.
This Quandl API is available in CSV, JSON, XML, and HTML. This is a Premium API and requires an authentication token if usage exceeds 50 calls a day.
 Lending Club is a credit marketplace designed to make banking more efficient, transparent, and consumer-friendly. They operate at a lower cost than traditional banks, allowing them to provide lower rates for borrowers and solid returns for investors. Individuals, institutions, and third parties can use the Lending Club API to customize and independently automate their loan investments.
 This API is updated daily and provides access to Zacks Research database chronicling the previous 10 years estimated and actual earnings for 6,000 US and Canadian listed companies. The data is comprised of surveys from over 2,600 analysts in 185 North American brokerage firms and is cross referenced with earnings reports.
This Quandl API is available in CSV, JSON, XML, and HTML. This is a Premium API and requires an authentication token if usage exceeds 50 calls a day.
 Updated daily, this API provides access to earnings estimates database for over 5,000 US and Canadian listed companies. The data derives from surveys of more than 2,600 analysts from 185 brokerage firms across North America as calculated through Zacks Research.
This Quandl API is available in CSV, JSON, XML, and HTML. This is a Premium API and requires an authentication token if usage exceeds 50 calls a day.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getEquityOptions API provides EOD options data such as strike, expiration date, volatility, etc. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 The CheckIssuing API allows users to securely import data directly into the company's systems to process payments. To use the API, it is suggested to create an account. After receiving an API key, the documents will serve as a guide to begin with the implementation. This API can be particularly useful to access account balances, submit new deposits, and submit new payment requests.
 Comkort is a Bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange service based in Tallin Estonia. Using the Comkort Public API, developers can request market lists, summaries with information regarding the last 24 hours of exchanges, and return recent trades for a specific market. Using an API key, developers can access the Comkort Private API in order to retrieve account balances, order trade history, and return recent transactions. The Private API may also be implemented to place new orders and withdrawals.
 Netagio allows investors to automate their trading of Bitcoin, British pounds, or gold. They also accept US dollars and Euro. After setting up a verified account users have access to Netagio's Authenticated and Public APIs. The Authenticated API allows investors to place a trade, view an open order, or cancel a trade. The Public API, called over unauthenticated channels, reports bid and ask prices for a variety of trades.
 LuxStack is a Japanese-based BitCoin trading and wallet hosting service. Using the LuxStack API, developers can programmatically send BitCoins to users with private account keys. The API can also be used to return check balances, transaction information, the current BitCoin mining difficulty level, current BitCoin market prices against specified currencies, and more. The API can also be used to set up email notifications to be triggered for certain block hash detections. All requests use POST methods and return JSON formatted responses. To further development ability with LuxStack, SDKs are also available for Android, iOS, Javascript, Node.js, PHP, and Ruby.
 Blockscan is an XCP block explorer which provides information on the number of transactions processed, total XCP (ounces of copper) supplies, dex prices, etc. Blockscan offers several APIs for retrieving information from the website. The Blockscan Asset API lets users get a variety of information on available assets, while the Blockscan Address API retrieves address balances and address credit/debit information for assets. The Blockscan DEX API lets users get the latest dex BTCPAY price for an asset, and the Blockscan Money Supply API lets users get XCP money supply information.
 bx.in.th is a Thailand-based Bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange platform operated by Bitcoin Exchange Thailand (Bitcoin Co. Ltd.). Their API accessibility is divided into Public and Private. The bx.in.th Public API allows anyone to view market data from the exchange, including rates, orderbook, currency pairing for comparison, high and low trades, average Bitcoin pricing, and more. The Private API requires an API key for use. HTTP POST requests can be made to place orders and manage existing orders. Private account data may be returned, such as balances, order history, transaction history, and withdrawal requests. All requests made to the API will return JSON encoded data as a response.
 The Company Check API provides direct access to a wealth of information on companies and directors. The API platform is useful to developers to incorporate company, director, financial, credit data, and many more data fields into software and business apps. By applying for the API Key, developers can choose between different levels of account plans.
 Crowdfunder is a UK based platform where people can crowdsource funding for unique projects. Crowdfunder projects typically involve social endeavors related to community, charity, environment, art, music, publishing, film, and theatre. Currently in an open beta, HTTP GET calls to the Crowdfunder API can be made to request JSON lists of all current campaigns filtered by project name and category. Implementing the API, users may have programmatic access to specific details on individual projects, including all project fields: biography, description, URL, current funding amount, last pledge amount, project video, image, category, and additional details. As the API is in beta, Crowdfunder is accepting any feedback users may have while implementing the API.
 LakeBTC is a Chinese based BitCoin exchange service. Using their REST API, developers can make requests to the Market Data ticker to receive information on the last price, best bid, best ask, 24-hour high and 24-hour low prices in New York and the United States. Calls to the API may also be made to return information from the 'Orderbook,' and 'Trade History' parameters in order to showcase details on all recent trades. For authentication, users must submit an API key, valid timestamp, and use the correct JSON formatting aimed as a POST HTTP method. Private functionality of the API allows users to programmatically purchase, sell, and trade, edit existing orders, etc. The public Market Data API may also be retrieved by subscribing to the LakeBTC Websocket. Client libraries exist to enable developers to access the websocket API from various languages (C++, Ruby, Rails).
 Bitso is a Latin American BitCoin exchange service. The Bitso API allows developers to interface with the Bitso platform from 3rd party applications or websites. The publicly accessible Bitso trading API can be called to return data on average BitCoin prices, daily low and highs, trade volume, and additional data using the Peso as a referent. Calls can expose the Bitso orderbook which includes lists of all recent BitCoin transactions. An API key and encrypted signature is required to access the private API functions, which include account balance, user info, placing trades, and editing orders.
 Bitcoind.de is a Germany-based BitCoin exchange service. The Bitcoin.de API allows users with an API key to obtain summaries of recently completed BitCoin trades. The API can be used to access current bids and offers, as well as the current average BitCoin asking price. All requests are made with JSON formatted requests to an HTTP endpoint. The API can return rates, queries by user ID, and calls to access the order book which includes all bids and asks.
 BTC Markets is an Australian based BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange. Using BTC Markets, users can buy, trade, and sell their digital currency all through their bank account credentials. BTC Markets hosts an API to help developers create trading and payment mobile app solutions. The BTC Markets REST API accepts JSON formatted GET requests to the HTTP endpoint. The API will return account balances, can be used to transfer funds, and be used to retrieve market data via a ticker, orderbook, and summary of recent trades. The BTC Markets API accepts an API key and valid time stamp for authentication.
 igot is an exchange platform that allows users to buy and sell BitCoin. Users can purchase locally using their bank credentials. igot also hosts two ticker APIs that supply data open for public consumption. Using the igot Stats API BUY developers can make HTTP GET requests to receive the latest BitCoin purchase prices against major world currencies, including daily average price, deviation percentages, and daily lowest price. Similarly, calls to the igot Stats API SELL will return highest sell of the day, average daily sell, and open price against all major currencies. In addition to the APIs, igot also offers an embeddable ticker widget for web use.
 Huobi is a Chinese BitCoin and cryptocurrency online exchange service. Using the Huobi Trade API, users can submit transaction requests with HTTP POST methods in order to buy, sell, or trade BitCoin and other cryptocurrency. The API consists of Market API, Public API, Withdraw API and Account API. Users may also use the Trade API to check and modify existing orders, return account balances, and perform account maintenance.
 OKCoin is a Singapore-based BitCoin and futures exchange platform. Using the OKCoin Trade API, OKCoin users can exercise programmatic access to real time cryptocurrency market data, account management, and to check transaction history. The Price API can be called upon to value cryptocurrency prices in comparison to the U.S. dollar and to return latest trade information. Similarly, the Futures REST Price and Trade APIs allow OKCoin users to manage their accounts and perform similar functions but in regards to trading futures. OKCoin also hosts websocket APIs for their Trade and Public APIs. All HTTP requests to the OKCoin API will return JSON-formatted responses. Developers can apply for API access from their OKCoin account.
 Yacuna Exchange provides an API for conducting automated trading. The following markets are currently available (with more to come): XBT/EUR, LTC/EUR, DOGE/EUR, XBT/LTC, XBT/DOGE. Cryptocurrencies can be exchanged to conventional currencies. The transactions with digital currencies used on the Yacuna trading platform are subject to the same market mechanisms as stock exchanges.
The Developer API gives you full access to Yacuna in order to integrate Bitcoin payments into your application or in setting up an arbitrage.
 AsMoney is an electronic payment system based on the Bitcoin and Litecoin networks. Members can make instant payments for goods and services, or send and receive money with minimal fees.
AsMoney API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of AsMoney with other applications. The developer may use the API to get balances, send money to Bitcoin / Litecoin addresses, send from AsMoney balances, get account history, or get details of transactions.
 Taxamo is a service that makes it easier for online retailers to comply with EU VAT tax laws by taking care of EU VAT calculations, evidence collection, EU MOSS settlement, and audit services. The Taxamo REST API enables users to integrate its compliance services into their shopping carts or e-commerce software. Integrating with Taxamo does not affect the customer's purchasing experience.
 The Canadian Virtual Exchange (CAVIRTEX) is a BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange platform. Their public API allows developers to communicate with CAVIRTEX in order to receive real time cryptocurrency pricing and trading information. Their private API requires special API access, and allows users to implement trading, balance-checking, and more programmatically. This RESTful API uses JSON formatted requests and responses.
 AllCoin is a BitCoin & cryptocurrency exchange platform. The AllCoin API is split into a public open API, and a private API that requires special user access permissions. The public API may be used to return market summaries, a list of exchange-wide recent orders, and live cryptocurrency prices. Using the private API, users may access the Wallet & Trade APIs to request personal account balances, and to order trades. The Public and Private APIs have caps of 3000 & 1000 calls per hour per IP address, respectively. Users interested in accessing the private API (currently in beta) may email AllCoin to request API keys.
 Atomic Trade is a New Jersey-based BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange. They allow users to buy, sell, and trade major crypto-currencies. The Atomic Trade API is a free to use open data API that accepts HTTP requests. Individual calls will return marketplace data arrays such as current cryptocurrency pricing, a list of active markets along with coin volume and pricing, recent orders issued through Atomic Trade, details on trades since a certain timestamp, and trade pair comparisons including price and volume. The data can be implemented into 3rd party applications that require cryptocurrency market information.
 BitKonan is a Croatian-based BitCoin and cryptocurrency trading platform that offers a flat trading rate of 0.29% per transaction. The BitKonan Public API allows access to market data including recent BitCoin prices, highest buy and sell orders, order book, and recent transactions. Using an API key, developers may access the private API to retrieve a user's balance, view a specific user's transactions, and perform order maintenance. Requests to the server are made over HTTP and return JSON objects.
 MyBitX is a global BitCoin and crypto-currency exchange service and wallet hosting service. With MyBitX, users can accept, spend and receive BitCoin using personal secure wallet. Using the MyBitX API without authentication, developers may retrieve market data. Using HTTP basic authentication, developers may request recently placed orders, create new trade orders, receive balances, make withdrawals, and more. API calls are currently limited to one request per minute per IP address.
 CoinAccel is a cryptocurrency exchange for purchasing and trading major cryptocurrencies without requiring identity confirmation. Devlopers can integrate the CoinAccel API into 3rd party applications by making HTTP requests to receive JSON-formatted responses. The API returns information regarding current market trends, cryptocurrency pricing, account balances, and active orders.
 Coinbroker.io provides a RESTful API for accessing information on cryptocurrency market data for incorporation into 3rd party applications. The Coinbroker.io Market API returns information in JSON responses for market statistics, a ticker of recent minimum and maximum selling points, and aggregated order price points. Coinbroker.io has limited it's API usage to 10 requests per second per IP. The API is free for public use, and no authentication is required.
 CoinSpot is an Australia-based cryptocurrency exchange and wallet hosting platform. Developers can register for a free API key to implement the CoinSpot API into 3rd party applications. Simple HTTP requests will return JSON formatted information on latest prices, open orders, and order history. Requests can also be made to view active orders, and to purchase and sell currencies.
 CryptoAve.com is a secure exchange service for purchasing and selling Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. CryptoAve.com hosts a public API that developers can implement into 3rd party applications to display information on market statistics and real time currency prices. The API accepts 3000 HTTP requests per 24 hour period and returns JSON formatted responses.
 CryptoCzar is a BitCoin and cryptocurrency exchange service. CryptoCzar offers methods of requesting data and subscribing to new data streams via their API. Using the public CryptoCzar API, trades and orders can be viewed. Developers with an account and API key may access private parameters to retrieve information on account balances, open orders, trades, and funds. Orders may be placed or cancelled through the private API as well. CryptoCzar currently recommends running Node.js with Ws to interface to the CryptoCzar API using JSON calls, and plans on having HTTP request available in the near future.
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture, media, financial, and energy industries. The getFuturesOptionsExpiration API provides last trade dates for options on futures contracts. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture, media, financial, and energy industries. The getFuturesExpiration API provides first notice and last trade dates for futures contracts. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture, media, financial, and energy industries. The getFuturesSpecifications API provides contract information such as trading hours, contract size and tick size for futures contracts. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture, media, financial, and energy industries. The getInstrumentDefinition API is available to request meta data on financial instruments by symbol, exchange, or exchange MIC. Meta data includes instrument names, exchange codes, tick increments, base codes, expiration dates and more. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture, media, financial, and energy industries. The getSECFilings API provides access to quarterly, annual and other required regulatory/SEC filings for U.S. publically traded companies based on symbol. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture, media, financial, and energy industries. The getETFDetails API provides ETF profile information including descriptions, fund family, underlying index, inception date, alpha, beta, shares outstanding, management fee, assets under management, top 10 holdings and more. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart OnDemand provides data pertaining to the agriculture, media, financial, and energy industries. The getMomentum API provides a daily summary on the number of advancing, declining and unchanged stocks, as well as the percentage of stocks above moving averages of different lengths. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getSignal API provides the Barchart Technical Opinion / Signal (buy, sell or hold) based on a variety of short, medium and long-term technical indicators based on a symbol. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getScreener API provides the ability to screen for stocks, index, mutual fund, ETF or futures instruments that meet a custom set of criteria. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getTechnicals API provides technical data and statistics for equities, indices, futures, forex and funds based on symbol. Fields include moving averages, percent changes over different time periods and stochastics. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getChart API is used to request a custom chart image with variables such as chart type, size, period and technical indicators, based on a symbol. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Coinprism is a service that allows for the tokenization of cryptocurrency. Using Coinprism's Colored Coins, users are able to trade shares, bonds, and commodities without regulation by coloring BitCoin. Using the Coinprism Colored Coins API, developers can use GET & POST HTTP requests to issue colored coins, access a wallet to make a transaction, and return balances.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getLeaders API provides leaderboard lists for equities, futures, forex, mutual funds and ETFs, including most active, gainers, losers, what's hot and what's not hot. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getHighsLows API provides lists for new 52-week highs or 52-week lows based on exchange and asset type. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getCorporateActions API provides corporate actions data on equities including Splits, Dividends and Earnings, based on a symbol. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 WhatMine is a resource for comprehensive information on various cryptocurrency prices and exchange rates. The WhatMine API can be accessed via simple HTTP GET requests and will return a JSON object. Developers can implement the API in order to retrieve information on a single coin. Maximum amount of API calls range from 20 to 5,000 depending on pricing plan.
 Based in Switzerland, Swisscex displays cryptocurrency market valuation trends and acts as a currency exchange platform. API calls may be made via the Swisscex API in order to retrieve quotes on current values. Calls are made over HTTP, and the output is a JSON object. For use, account users can generate an API key by visiting the API documentation page.
 Mintpal is a cryptocurrency exchange platform. The Mintpal API is currently in V1, allowing developers to access the Mintpal API to retrieve information on all supported cryptocurrency price indexes, market statistics, personal trades, orders, and other data. V2, currently in beta, will allow developers to post trades and call orders using the Mintpal wallet platform as well. All calls are made via HTTP, and the data is returned in JSON formatted arrays. The request limit is 10 requests per second.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getIndexMembers API returns the stocks compromising a given index. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getRatings API provides analysts ratings on stocks (strong buy, moderate buy, hold, moderate sell or strong sell) based on a symbol. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getInsiders API provides insider transaction records for publically traded companies based on symbol. Data reported includes the date of the transaction, transaction type, number of shares and the transaction value. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getCompetitors API provides a list of related stock symbols (competitors) for an underlying stock input. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getBalanceSheets API provides access to public company financial balance sheets based on symbol. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getIncomeStatements API provides access to public company financial Income statements based on symbol. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getFinancialRatios API provides key financial ratios for equities based on symbol. Up to 8 years of financial ratios are available and fields include earnings per share, return on equity and price to earnings. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getFinancialHighlights API provides key financial highlights, ratios and statistics for equities based on symbol. Fields include market capitalization, revenue, net income, revenue growth and earnings per share. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getProfile API is used to request information about a company, such as sector, industry, company description, CEO, recent earnings, P/E ratio, and address, based on a symbol. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Markit on Demand's Interactive Chart API is for displaying the historical value of a company’s stock. The response contains end-of-day historical price information for companies traded on the BATS Exchange in the U.S. The response can include datasets containing open-high-low-close (OHLC) values, volume, Simple Moving Average (SMA), labeling helpers, coordinates and more.
 Markit on Demand's Stock Quote API is useful for finding the current value of a company’s stock. The response of this API contains price information for companies traded on the BATS Exchange in the United States. The result set includes BATS’ most current trading price of the share, the volume of that company’s stock, the change and change percent since the previous day’s close, and more.
 EDGAR Online is a service that provides data related to equities, mutual funds and public assets. With the API, developers could retrieve financial information from an individual, search financial content of a company and even complete targeted searches in multiple locations. The API is about financial data and it may be useful for developers in the financial sector who intent to have access to financial public information. To create an application, developers can register for an API key. At the same time, they can review the datasets along with actions and description for different parameters such as companies, coreFinancials and CompanySets. Just as the API Key is required, also is the protocol HTTPS, endpoints and responses in JSON/XML formats.
 Fixer.io is an API that returns foreign exchange rates based on daily and historical feeds from the European Central Bank. These foreign exchange reference rates are generally updated by 3pm Central European Time. The API quotes rates against the Euro by default, but users can request quotes made against a different currency.
 ComplyAdvantage is a PEP and sanctions screening service that checks both general and proprietary PEP watchlists and scans both standard and custom lists of global sanctions. It helps businesses ensure that they're in compliance with regulations and sanctions and records their efforts so that they can easily show due diligence. The ComplyAdvantage API enables developers to integrate real-time data feeds into their own platforms or systems.
nsefinance---nigerian-stock-exchange didn't extract the description
 JiveData provides access to financial data for SEC (U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission) reporting companies. The JiveData API allows developers to retrieve and update user details, get recent filings, look up the ticker for a given company, get financial details for a ticker, get economic updates, and more.
 Block.io API offers a secure wallet and payment service for transacting the three most common cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin, Doge, & LiteCoin). Their service is hosted without fees. Their HTTP request API uses the keys associated with each personal cryptocurrency account, to return balances, conduct withdrawals and account maintenance, and return user IDs & addresses associated with a specific account.
 WinkDex is an index for the Bitcoin market, offering real time conversion rates from US Dollars to BitCoin. Their RESTful API allows developers to query their price index at any time to return amounts and timestamps to track change. After agreeing to their terms of service, and identifying an application by sharing a user agent name, no authentication is currently required to use the WinkDex API.
 The ActiveTick Market Data API supports binary requests and responses using an indirect architectural style. Available for purchase, it provides a programming interface to query market data, historical chart, and tick data, manage streaming subscriptions, and receive streaming updates. The API covers stock, option, index, and currency exchanges in streaming updates. Developers can create a new developer account for options at https://www.activetick.com/activetick/contents/CreateNewAccountStepDeveloperProductList.aspx
 Visa Checkout API helps developers to integrate payments. The fundamental value of this API is the functionality of e-commerce transactions, useful for developers who work with online businesses open 24/7. The API is about payment integration. Visa Checkout API features REST protocol, HTTPS interfaces, and API Key which can be used publicly or privately. Developers can receive Twitter tips and e-mail support.
 The Pacer service provides online access to documents related to appellate, bankruptcy, civil, criminal and multi-district litigation in the United States. This API about public access to court electronic records provides an easy-to-use JSON/XML to the Pacer Case Locator. When developers visit the site, they will see demo data because they have not been logged in yet in the system. Once they create a Pacer account, developers will have admission to an API key. Support available in contact form.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getQuoteEod API uses combined exchange and symbol to retrieve requested end-of-day price data for any equity, future or fund. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 Barchart is a provider of futures, equity and foreign exchange market data. The getQuote API is used to request real-time, delayed or end-of-day price data by symbol. In addition to Last Price or Settlement, other fields including Open, High, Low, Close, Bid, Ask, 52-week high and low are available. All Barchart OnDemand APIs allow for queries in JSON, XML, and CSV formats. Developers can visit BarChart's site to request permission for API usage.
 The Pemilu Campaign Finance Report API allows users to retrieve campaign finance reports on the 2014 Indonesian elections, including reports on the contributions for a single candidate or all contributions in total. The Campaign Finance Report API is part of API Pemilu, a collection of APIs that provide Indonesia's approximately 187 million voters with important election information.
ig-trading didn't extract the description
 BTClevels is a Bitcoin binary option trader that enables users to earn money based on exchange rate fluctuations between Bitcoins and US Dollars. The website uses listings and quotations that are taken from HitBtc in real time. Users can make bets through the site with or without registration. The BTClevels API allows users to retrieve information from the site or perform trades.
 The Bad Actor Check API automates the due diligence required for Equity crowd-funding. Users may register via the CrowdTrust website.
CrowdTrust is a service that provides users with verified, crowdfunding data. This data is used by entrepreneurs, crowdfunding platforms and investors.
 The AllPay API mirrors the functionality provided by the AllPay user interface. JSON and SOAP versions of the API are available. All data is available for CRUD operations. Lists of data can be polled using a fluent SQL-like syntax and updated in batched transactions. Reports and exports can be run, polled and downloaded via HTTP streams. Employee documents are available to update and download via streams. The API also allows for the creation of Single-Sign-On tokens for the employee self service and new employee onboarding portals. The API also support ll payroll operations such as creating check dates, adding checks to employees and submitting payroll for processing.
 itBit is a Bitcoin trading platform that provides secure global currency exchange services. The itBit Trading API consists of a Trade API and a Market Data API. The Trade API allows users to handle orders, create wallets, transfer funds between wallets, and request Bitcoin withdrawal or deposit addresses. The Market Data API allows users to retrieve market data for three currency pairs: XBTUSD, XBTSGD, and XBTEUR.
 Cryptonator is a cryptocurrency rate calculator and conversion service that includes information for more than 300 cryptocurrencies. Prices are sources from 34 exchanges and are updated every 30 seconds. Developers can retrieve cryptocurrency exchange rate data using the Cryptonator API.
 The PSP Platform is a white-label platform that helps users create their own complete payment gateways capable of performing mobile transactions, currency exchanges, and more. The Subdealers API allows PSP Platform users to perform basic operations on a subdealer's e-card, such as selling the e-card or depositing an amount from one e-card to another.
 The PSP Platform is a white-label platform that helps users create their own complete payment gateways capable of performing mobile transactions, currency exchanges, and more. The Dealers API enables PSP Platform users to generate new anonymous e-cards and to deposit the balance of existing e-cards to incoming e-cards.
 The PSP Platform is a white-label platform that helps users create their own complete payment gateways capable of performing mobile transactions, currency exchanges, and more. The Basic Operations API allows users to transfer money between e-cards, check an e-card's balance, merge one e-card with another, split one e-card into two, and change the attributes of an e-card.
 Active Frequency is a web and mobile development group specializing in Android and Django platforms. They provide web and mobile software projects across various industries, including healthcare, education, e-commerce, politics, and gaming.
PyAvaTax is Active Frequency's Sales Tax API Library for Avalara, a SaaS provider that helps navigate taxes. PyAvaTax is a python client library that can be integrated with Avalara's REST AvaTax API.
 Chain enables developers to build block chain applications. To achieve a high level of security, Chain runs a program that compares the transactions in their database against the same transactions in bitcoin, and engineers are alerted if data becomes out of sync.
The Chain Block Chain API provides a platform for developers to build bitcoin applications and features.
 LendUp is a lender for consumers that have been declined by banks and credit unions. It is socially responsible alternative and educates borrowers on good financial behavior and enables them to build credit safely.
The LendUp API is a RESTful lending platform providing various solutions for the customer. The API can help with notifications, transaction processing, underwriting, customer service, collections and compliance. It can be integrated for checkout, declines, co-branding, and BYOL (Build Your Own Loan).
 The Austin Global Exchange (AGX) allows users to get information on and trade cryptocurrencies online. The site covers many cryptocurrencies, including BitCoin, LiteCoin, and DogeCoin. The AGX Trade API allows users to manage their wallets, place or cancel orders, perform status checks, and retrieve data and statistics for the last 24 hours.
 EnClout Yahoo Finance is an API that assists developers to decode Yahoo stock symbols into JSON and XML protocols. In the site, the user can test the service to observe important data such as last date trade and the low and high values of the past 52 weeks. Developers working in the finance sector can benefit from this API, because long lists of stocks can display investment information in a simplified format. The results vary according to data availability. HTML, JSON, XML and TXT formats are available, along with a contact page. For better results, developers must sign up to get an API key.
 BlockCypher is a cloud-optimized block chain platform powering crypto currency applications reliably and at-scale. The platform is exposed through simple web APIs and callbacks for developers to build Bitcoin and other block chain apps reliably. Built from the ground-up for scale and optimized it for high availability. Up time is 99.99%, high throughputs, linear scaling, low-latency, and no single point of failure. Web APIs, WebHooks, and WebSockets. Includes block chain explorer, creating transactions, address APIs, and others. Using these APIs, you can create a web wallet easily, monitor addresses, get notified of transactions, etc.
 Coinorama is an independent service that monitors Bitcoin networks, exchanges, and blockchains. It comes with three APIs that provide users with programmatic access to Coinorama's public ticker data. The Markets Ticker API returns exchange information, including the price of the latest trade, trading volume, direction, and currency-to-USD conversion rates. The Bitcoin Network Info API returns information on Bitcoins, including the last block ID, the last block timestamp, current period difficulty, current period length, previous period difficulty, and previous period length. The Bitcoin Blockchain API returns detailed information on blocks, public addresses, and transactions.
 The Quandl Bitcoin Market Data API provides users with programmatic access to Bitcoin price data and market statistics. Available data is consolidated from hundreds of primary sources and aggregators, and it includes Bitcoin exchange rates, market size, transaction fees, mining information, and more. Developers have free and unlimited access to this data via API.
 Doge API is a digital wallet for Dogecoins, a type of cryptocurrency. The wallet allows users to send, receive, and keep track of their Dogecoins. Doge API calls allow users to check their balance, send payments, get their payment address, get the current Dogecoin price in USD or BTC, retrieve a list of their recent transactions, and more.
 GreenAddress is a Bitcoin wallet that is designed to be both convenient and secure. Users can quickly check their balances and successful transactions from third party services without exposing sensitive information. Two-factor authentication is used for each transaction, and users can set spending limits and transaction rate limits for their accounts. With GreenAddress, users can send Bitcoins quickly via Facebook, Twitter, or SMS.
 The Xignite GetBars API allows users to retrieve intraday period bars for a given currency pair. Intraday period bars provide a visual representation of financial data that has been sampled at regularl intervals throughout a given day. For each day, the API returns the highest, lowest, opening, closing, and average currency exchange rate quotes. Currency pair data is available for the past 30 days.
 Xignite GetHistoricalRates allows users to get the historical exchange rates for currency pairs. For a given date range and currency pair, the API returns the opening and closing rate quotes, the highest and lowest rate quotes, and the arithmetic average for all rate quotes. GetHistoricalRates can provide historical exchange rates from as far back as January 4, 2010.
 TeleCash is a mobile money service from Telecel. Subscribers can conduct money transactions with their mobile phone.
The TeleCash API enables the validation of credit cards, the storing of credit card data in the TeleCash DataStorage, and the creation of credit card payments.
 Prelude is a product of Moolah, a cryptographic payments platform. Prelude's Public API allows users to retrieve ticker information for trades made in U.S. Dollars (USD) or Bitcoins (BTC). The information available for such trades includes the highest and lowest trades made in the last 24 hours, the 24 hour volume, all buy and sell orders for a pairing, the last executed trade prices, the last 10 executed trade values, and the last executed trades for all pairings.
 People can retrieve data from TreasuryDirect.gov programmatically using RESTful APIs. The Treasury Securities API lets users get information on announced securities, auctioned securities, particular types of securities, or specific individual securities. The Debt API lets users get the most recent debt data or the debt data for a given date. API users can also perform searches for securities and debt data.
 BTCDig is a server that allows people to pool both their efforts and their rewards for mining Bitcoins. BTCDig supports both GPU and FPGA/ASIC mining hardware. BTCDig's User Account API can retrieve a user's balance and stats as well as a miner's stats. The Pool Stats API can retrieve the pool's state and stats as well as round state and block statistics.
 Forex API-Convert Historical Value from xignite converts an amount from one currency to another using the rate as of a specified historical date. Fixing time can be provided for rates that go back to 1/4/2010. Historical rates prior to 1/4/2010 are London midnight rates.
The API uptime is at least 99.9% and the data is updated in true real-time as new quotes are issued from market participants. Data is returned in XML, JSON, or CSV formats.
 Forex API-Convert Real Time Value from xignite converts an amount from one currency to another using the real-time rate. If the real-time rate is not available for a currency pair (e.g. on a weekend), then the most recent available rate is used. Over 29,000 historical and real-time currency pairs are covered.
The API uptime is at least 99.9% and the data is updated in true real-time as new quotes are issued from market participants. Data is returned in XML, JSON, or CSV format.
 Forex API-Get Real Time Rate Table from xignite returns rates for multiple currency pairs in a matrix structure. Over 29,000 historical and real-time currency pairs are covered.
The API uptime is at least 99.9% and the data is updated in true real-time as new quotes are issued from market participants. Data is returned in XML, JSON, or CSV format.
 Forex API-Get Real Time Rate from Xignite returns a real time spot rate for a requested currency pair. Calculated rates are returned for currency pairs for which spot rate data is not available. Over 29,000 historical and real-time currency pairs are covered.
 Forex API-List Currencies from Xignite returns currencies for which spot and historical data is available. Over 29,000 historical and real-time currency pairs are covered.
The API uptime is at least 99.9% and the data is updated in true real-time as new quotes are issued from market participants. Data is returned in XML, JSON, or CSV format.
xignite-initial-public-offering-calendar-&-performance-data didn't extract the description
 The Xignite Global Real Time Options API provides real-time quotes for equity options listed in the U.S. Users can also perform option chain lookups and get highs, lows, contract sizes, underlying asset information, and other data. The API allows users to retrieve data on one or more securities at a time.
 The Xignite Global Indices Real Time API provides users with real-time access to index values from over 10,000 U.S. and international markets. These include the Dow Jones, NASDAQ, and other popular index families. API users can view index lists by group or search for indexes by name. Volume information is only available for a limited number of indices.
 The Xignite Global Indices Historical API enables users to retrieve historical prices for equities going back to January 1, 2000. It provides closing prices along with open, high, low, volume and other market statistics for equities on more than 50 global exchanges. API users may also request split prices and prices adjusted for dividends.
 VentureDeal is a database that provides the latest information about venture capital firms and transactions. The VentureDeal API provides customized XML data feed tracking activity in the venture-backed technology startup arena. The API allows users to customize data feeds by region, industry, and other criteria. Users can set up feeds to follow transactions, watch active investors, and other feeds. An account is required with service.
 [Editor's Note: This API is no longer available. The Blockr.io website now redirects to Coinbase.com. To access this API's functions, try using the Coinbase API.]
Blockr.io is a site that allows users to browse Bitcoin transaction blocks and view individual transactions and the addresses to which they occurred. The site also offers information on the addresses with the most Bitcoins, the addresses with the most transactions, and other trivia. Blockr.io provides APIs that enable users to retrieve information on coins, blocks, transactions, and addresses.
 TaxJar provides retailers with easy access to the information they need to file their sales tax returns for all counties and cities in the U.S. TaxJar provides access to its information through two APIs: the Smart Sales Tax API and the Sales Tax Rate API. The Smart Sales Tax API allows users to determine the amount of sales tax that should be withheld based on a shipment's origin and destination points. The Sales Tax Rate API allows users to retrieve the sales tax rate for a given location.
 Masterchain is the collective ledger of all mastercoin transaction. Individuals who partake in the purchase and trade of the mastercoin crypto-currency utilize the masterchain to verify ownership of mastercoins, transact, and store mastercoins. The Masterchain API uses REST calls and returns JSON. Users can make calls to get a trade ID, get an address for delivery or receipt, and check the currency exchange rate.
 MasterXchange is an online exchange for MasterCoin, a type of cryptocurrency. This type of MasterCoin is not the same as the one traded on Cryptsy, and the two are not interchangeable. The MasterXchange API provides functions that allow users to get the last 500 trades, see the 500 best bids and asks, and get the current number of MasterCoins in existence.
 Agregador Financiero is a financial aggregator aimed to help streamline the financial transaction collection process. The site allows users to input bank information, which is stored locally, and specify movements within a website. The service then accesses all entered banks, pulls financial transactions from each, and compiles the information into spreadsheets. The Agregador Financiero API allows users to automate the process of data collection. An account is required with service.
 Trading Economics provides its users with access to economic data for 196 countries including historical data for more than 300.000 economic indicators, exchange rates, stock market indexes, government bond yields and commodity prices. The Trading Economics API allows users to make calls to get a list of countries, get a list of indicators, get a matrix of countries, get indicators by country, and get indicators by category. The API uses REST calls and returns HTML, CSV, and JSON.
 Stocks an investment trading platform that uses algorithmic trading to provide tools to trade in equities, options, as well as provide futures prices, technical analyses and fundamental data. The StockViz API provides users with access data, news and analytics for stocks, etfs and indices in the National Stock Exchange (NSE) of India. An account is required with service and REST calls are used.
 Bit2c Ltd is an Israeli company that provides a monetary exchange system with Bitcoins. The Bit2c API uses REST calls, and returns JSON. The API allows users to access various trade resources including the orderbook, and transactions. An authenticated users can query to view account balances, add orders, get orders, cancel orders, get order history, and create merchant credentials. An account is required with service, and SSL and an API key are used for authentication.
 CoinedUp is a a crypto-currency-only exchange that does not deal in fiat currencies. Users can transfer currencies in, and trade between the crypto-currencies. The API allows users to make market calls, orderbook listings calls, trade listings calls and other market related calls. An account is required with service. The exchange and API are free to use.
 Mincoin Tools is a crypto-currency mining pool where users combine their processing power to solve blocks to receive coins. The Mincoin Tool API allows users to make calls to access statistics on the pool. The API allows users to see the block dificulty, block count, hash rate, btc price, USD price, the trading mnc, trading btc, and the current date. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON and JSONP. An account is required with service.
 Middlecoin is a digital currency mining pool that automatically mines the most profitable type of coin and then exchanges those coins for Bitcoins when it pays out. Payouts occur automatically on a regular basis when the user has earned a sufficient balance. No registration is required. Individual payout reports can be retrieved programmatically via REST calls.
 The CoinMarketCap Public API is a limited set of 4 endpoints that is RESTful JSON services that is provided as a free service for personal and academic use. This includes services for; Global Data, Ticker, Specific Currency and Listings. This API will be taken offline on December 4th, 2018. Please refer to the CoinMarketCap Professional API for future options. CoinMarketCap is cryptocurrency market cap rankings, charts, and more.
 Toshl is a personal spending tracker that helps users monitor what they're spending their money on. Expenses can be entered in any currency through mobile apps or the Toshl website. Users can create budgets for specific categories of spending and get reminders for recurring monthly expenses. Users can view summaries of their spending using fun graphs and visualizations, and they can also export financial calculations in CSV format.
 Auric Systems International is a PCI compliant solutions provider that produces payment transaction processing applications from cryptographic key management to tokenized credit card storage.The PaymentVault API, provided by Auric Systems, allows users to integrate merchant shops with the PaymentVault service. PaymentVault Tokenization provides off-site data storage for tokenized credit card account numbers and separate bulk storage of encrypted credit card information from the cardholder's personally identifiable information. The API uses JSON-RPC, and account is required with service.
 Mercado-Bitcoin is an Argentine bitcoin exchange that provides trade quotes in pesos and bitcoin. The Mercado-Bitcoin API allows users to make calls to get the Last Trade, last average price, mtgox price listings, fiat currency exchange rates, and other data. The API uses REST calls and can return XML, JSON, and CSV. An account is required with service.
 Payza is a global online payment platform that enables consumers and businesses to send and receive money instantly. The Payza API provides a developer interface for interacting with this platform. The API is able to send individual or mass payments, refund transactions, cancel subscriptions, and to return merchant and consumer data.
The Payza API currently has seven functions you can use to perform various account actions while logged out of your account:SendMoney: send funds to a single Payza member.Bitcoin SendMoney: send Bitcoin to an external Bitcoin wallet.MassPay: send funds to a list of Payza members using our Mass Pay feature.Refund: issue a refund for a Payza payment you received.SubscriptionCancellation: cancel a subscription that a customer purchased through Payza.GetBalance: retrieve your Payza balance information.GetTransactionInfo: retrieve information about a Payza transaction in your Payza account.TransactionHistory: retrieve information on a set of transactions based on parameters you specify, such as a date range or transaction amount range.
 BlueTarp Financial is a financial services company dedicated to serving building supply dealers in the U.S. BlueTarp provides a transaction authorization API that developers can integrate into their own websites or systems in order to support transaction processing through BlueTarp. Supported transactions may include sale, credit, void, deposit hold, and deposit collection transactions.
 Bahaquote is an invoicing and expensing service that provides users with access to online invoicing, expense monitoring, mobile access, email marketing, and other features. The Bahaquote platform can be integrated into third party applications and used for automation using the Bahaquote API. The API allows users to complete transactions online, update billing information, send quotes and invoices in a systematic manner through an automated process. An account is required with service.
 The DSN is based on a monthly transmission of personal data of employees, automated payroll software, after payroll, via a single reception point responsible for allocating data to the recipients. The DSN public API provides access to social statements in France.
 FraudAssets is an online BIN database service that is designed to help card merchants identify and eliminate fraud risks from their business. The service manages a database of bank card data, and amalgamates information from a wide number of contributors and card handlers to maintain a comprehensive and accessible credit card fraud prevention tool. The FraudAssets API uses REST calls, returns XML, and allows users to submit BINs and get back the company information with which to verify the transaction. An account is required with service and an API Key is required for use.
 LawfulBank is a group of individuals focused on ending debt slavery for the average person. The LawfulBank API allows users to make calls to get lists of friends, get mail, get notifications, and get lists of users. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. SSL is used for authentication when communicating with the API server.
 NYSE Technologies market data is a financial information provides live data across a variety of exchanges. The NYXdata API provides users access to data subsets they are interested in. Users can access real-time and historical data, reduces time for deployment/building of front end applications, functions as a spot check for price validation, and eases integration of back testing requirements. An account is required with service.
 Financial-Sanctions is a financial information verification service that helps U.K. based companies comply with government and FCA regulations. The company offers to check existing clients against HMT's list, check new clients prior to providing any services or transactions, check for updates to the HMT list, verify any changes to your clients' details, and do regular repeat checks on existing and potential clients. The Financial-Sanctions API allows users to submit checks for FCA compliance remotely. The service is restricted to 1000 calls per day.
 The Nordea FX API enables developers to execute FX transactions from their own systems. Access to the API is granted on a case-by-case basis to corporations, hedge funds, banks, brokers, and individual developers. This API will be coming soon. Documentation is not yet available. This API is provided by Nordea Markets, an international capital markets operator and investment banking partner located in the Nordic region.
 Treasury.io us a United States Treasury information provider that makes the data reported by the treasury on a daily basis readily available. The Treasury.io API provides users with access to the treasury's Operating Cash Balance , Deposits and Withdrawals, Public Debt Transactions, Adjustment of Public Dept Transactions to Cash Basis, Debt Subject to Limit, Federal Tax Deposits, Short-term Cash Investment, and Income Tax Refunds Issued. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 tradeMONSTER is an online financial trading platform. It provides two APIs for programmatically accessing its resources and functions: the XML API and the FIX API. The XML API is designed to let tradeMONSTER customers create their own desktop applications. The FIX (Financial Information eXchange protocol) API lets users send and receive transactions by connecting their own computer system to tradeMONSTER's backend. Detailed documentation is available upon request.
 ionDESK is a trading workspace designed with comprehensive tools for multiple types of financial instrument traders. Users can practice trading against live market data. The site also offers tools like backtesting with optimization and automated trading. The ionDESK API provides integrate-able tools for developers to build and deploy trading solutions that work within ionDESK. An account is required with service.
 BinDB is a bank identification number database that helps businesses identify credit and debit cards. The BINDB is widely used for fraud protection and credit card payment processing. BinDB provides a flexible API solutions to query the Issuer Identificaton Number database. An account is required to use the API.
 PriceMyLoan serves the mortgage lending industry by providing loan pricing and underwriting services online as a service. The PriceMyLoan API allows users to integrate the mortgage processing service into third party applications. The API can returns a variety of data formats, and an account is required with service.
 Liteapi.org is a crypto-currency facilitator that provides resources to utilize or incorporate litecoin payment into merchant applications. The Liteapi.org API allows users to receive payments, get exchange rates, access the blockchain, and make other calls. The API also allows users to build apps that utilize litecoin, or add litecoin functionality to existing applications. The API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and uses SSL for authentication.
 DogeAPI is an API for the use of the crypto-currency Dogecoin built around the popular doge meme. The DogeCoin API allows users to build payment processing into merchant websites. The API includes calls to get a balance, withdraw funds, get a new address, get a user address, get an address received, get address by label, get difficulty, and get current block. The API uses REST calls and both SSL and an API key for authentication.
 GoCoin is an international payment platform that allows users to send and accept crypto-currencies as payment within merchant shops and other organizations. The GoCoin API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to make calls to interact with account data, deposit addresses, invoices, merchants, merchant users, merchant payout addresses, and users. An account is required with service, and OAuth and SSL are used for authentication.
 CoinVibes aims to be the unified Bitcoin exchange website where users can make API calls to get exchange data from all the exchanges through a single API. The CoinVibes API allows users to access crypto-currency data from exchanges across the internet. Uses can make REST calls to get a list of exchanges and prices, to get currency pairs from different exchanges, get currency to U.S. Dollars, currency to Bitcoin, and Bitcoin to fiat.
 CoinRelay is a Litecoin mining pool that allows users to do pool processing power to mine litecoin, as well as mine anonymously. The CoinRelay API uses REST calls, and allows users to query to get pool data and user account information. An account and API key are required for API usage.
 TrustedCoin is a bitcoin security service that offers to add additional levels of security and authentication to bitcoin storage and transactions. The TrustedCoin API uses REST calls and returns JSON. The API allows users to send alerts to prevent unauthorized transactions, create custom wallets, and add additional layers of security on top of bitcoin wallets and other services. An account is required with service.
 Coinroll is a bitcoin gambling service where users can use bitcoins to wager on a variety of games in hopes of increasing their holdings. The Coinroll API allows users to make calls to create an account, place a bet, request an outstanding balance, withdraw funds, check a deposit status, query a bet, query by a bet ID, and get game information. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. SSL is used for authentication, and an account is required with service.
 Litecoin-Invest is a crypto-currency service that enables users to urchase litecoin, as well as invest in bitcoin related companies. The litecoin-Invest API allows users to make REST calls to retrieve ticker information, get market data and active orders on a particular security, get all trades in 48 hours, get trade history and dividend information, and other security information. An account is required with service.
 Kibot is a financial markets data provider that provides security and tick data from over 40 years of trade data. The site provides access to US and Canadian stocks, ETF data, indices, forex, and futures. The Kibot API allows users to pull historical trade data from Kibot and integrate it into third party systems. The API uses REST calls. An account is required with service.
 Tagbond is a crypto-currency exchange that allows users to trade in bitcoin and tagcoin using a variety of fiat currencies. Tagbond API allows users to make calls to get ticker information, retrieve trade depth, search trade history, and execute buy and sell trades of the crypto currency. An account is required with service. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON while using SSL for authentication.
 Eve-Central is online marketplace where users can buy and sell goods. The Eve-Central API allows users to query to retrieve aggregate statistics for the items specified within a marketplace, retrieve all of the available market orders, including prices, stations, order IDs, and volumes and make other calls to the site. The API uses REST calls and returns XML or JSON. An account is required with service.
 Currenex is a financial pricing service that offers Executable Streaming Prices (ESPâ„¢), Algorithmic Trading, Benchmark Trading, Request For Streams (RFS), and brokerage functionality with integrated Straight Through Processing (STP). The Currenex API is available through REST calls, returning JSON for many of the functions, and follows the FIX standard. An account is required with service.
 Cex.io is a Bitcoin commodity exchange that that doesn't sell bitcoins, but shares in the equipment used to mine them. Users have ownership shares, and pay a fee for equipment cost and upkeep, and earn bitcoins as the machines produce them. The Cex.io API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to make queries to execute trades and get pricing information. An account is required with service, and an API key and SSL are used for authentication.
 Openpay is an integrated service solution for Latin America that allows users to accept and send payments online without dealing with banking systems, compliance, fraud, and security.
The Openpay API allows to handle Charges (from cards, banks and stores), Payouts (to debit cards and banks accounts), Transfers between accounts, Customers, Cards, Bank Accounts, Plans, Subscriptions and Fees. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
vault-of-satoshi didn't extract the description
 Claiming.com.au is a health care integration technology service that aims to design and build infrastructures for developers to use when working with the complex Australian healthcare system. The Claiming.com.au API aims to reduce development time, increased stability, improve customer experience, and reduce claim rejection.
 DogeChain is the official blockchain for Dogecoin, a form of cryptocurrency. The DogeChain API allows developers to retrieve much of the information available on the website via REST calls. For a given address, user's can retrieve validity, amounts sent or received, public key hashes, and version prefixes. Users can also retrieve the current block number, the last solved block's difficulty, the transactions for the last blocks, statistics about difficulty and network power, and the total amount of currency ever mined.
 796 Xchange is a platform for buying and selling Bitcoins. The website also gives members access to Bitcoin mining stocks and MtGox daily/weekly futures. 796 Xchange provides several APIs that return ticker information, market depth, and trade history for BTC Futures, 796Xchange-MRI, ASICMINER-796, and BTC-DICE-796. The 796 Xchange also provides API methods for checking the Bitcoin price index history, getting account information, and performing trades.
 Yodlee is a financial service provider that serves banks and financial services firms. The service aims to provide a full financial picture of consumers to optimize sales and solutions to best suit customer needs. The Yodlee Interactive API is a REST based service that allows third-party applications to interact with the Yodlee platform to create and manipulate customer data. The API can be used to categorize transactions, reduce fraud, drive activation, enable new FinApps, and grow a user base. An account is required with service.
 LaCuenta is an invoicing service used to create and manage custom invoices with on computers or iPads. Users can scan products, manage stock and print receipts with the integrated point of sales system. The LaCuenta API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to get API keys, interact with printers, create documents, create customers, and perform other calls. An account is required with service.
 InvoiceOnline is a an invoicing service designed for small business that also offers a customer database feature. The InvoiceOnline API allows users to integrate the invoicing service into third-party applications. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account is required with service.
 The TeamLeader API allows users to interact with the different aspects of the TeamLeader system including: the CRM, opportunities, invoices, subscriptions, products, tickets, time tracking & tasks, projects, and notes. An account and an API key are required with service. Users are restricted to 25 calls per 5 seconds.
 Ronin is a time tracking and invoice service designed for small businesses and freelance workers. Ronin manages clients, projects, invoices and estimates. The RoninApp API provides programmatic access to account data through REST calls and a returns JSON or JSONP. An account is required with service, and SSL is used for authentication.
 iCount is a business invoicing service that helps users and businesses manage billing and invoicing. The iCount API is a REST based API that uses SSL as authentication, and facilitates the integration of third-party applications and sites with the iCount platform. An account is required with service. The site is in hebrew.
 Intervals is a project management service that offers time tracking, project management, billing, and other project services. The Intervals API allows users to sync Intervals tasks with another applications, create tasks or add time quickly create graphs or reports based on time entries within a company, create a client overview showing current activity and what is being worked on by whom, and other execute other functions. An account is required with service. The API uses REST calls, and returns XML.
 SmallInvoice is an invoice servce designed for small and medium sized businesses, as well as freelance workers. The base service is free to use, and additional tiers of service are available. The SmallInvoice API uses REST calls and allows users to perform tasks involving user accounts and invoices. Sample calls include creating invoices, submitting invoices, accepting offers, drafting receipts, and other calls. An account is required with service.
 Mifos is an organization comprised of microfinance institutions and IT and business professionals who work to expand the technological capacity of micro-lending networks to increase their impact around the world. The Mifos API allows users programmatic access to the Mifos platform through REST calls. An account is required with service.
 Instantor allows users to quickly and securely certify their identities and credit ratings for online loan applications and purchases using the log-in information for their regular financial institution. Instantor uses the same security measures as leading financial institutions to protect users' data, and no one at Instantor can access users' login information, change any information, or make transactions from users' accounts. The Instantor website is available in English and Swedish.
 FXstreet is a global forex information services that monitors markets around the world 24/5. The site is aimed at traders, analysts, and all financial market followers. The FXstreet Calendar API is an advanced implementation of the calendar application, that users can add to third-party sites, or access sing REST calls. The API returns JSON or XML, and an account is required with service.
 National Priorities Project is a national non-partisan research organization that aims to make the federal budget information transparent and accessible so people can prioritize and influence how their tax dollars are spent. The National Priorities API allows users to make REST calls to access national, and regional data within multiple government data categories. No account is required with services.
 WorldCoin Price Ticker is a free service that provides the current average WorldCoin price. WorldCoin is a cryptocurrency similar to Bitcoin. The Price Ticker website provides the exchange rates between WorldCoin and Bitcoin and between WorldCoin and U.S. dollars. These prices are updated once per minute.
 MobileMinerApp allows users to monitor and control bitcoin, litecoin, and other cryptocurrency mining rigs remotely. The MobileMinerApp API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to query for mining statistics as well as execute commands to the pool. Users must obtain an API key for use.
 Achta is a company based in Ireland that offers cloud based SEPA services for IBAN validation, mandate management, and credit transfers. Achta has extensive experience in advising corporations on cash management payment solutions and how those solutions can be integrated into existing business processes.
Achta offers a realtime payment validation API for their Achtavate service, a cloud based, SEPA-ready payment solution. The API performs IBAN Validation, converts SortCodes and account numbers, checks BIC codes, and validates other payments reference data to ensure SEPA-compliance. An account with service it required.
 Exchange Rate Lab is an exchange rate service that allows users to convert between currencies on the website, or integrate the interface into third-party apps for use in merchant shops and other applications. The Exchange rate Lab API allows users to lookup and perform currency conversions. The API supports JSON and JSONP, while using REST calls. The queried datasets updated hourly. An API Key is required with service.
 FedBrain is a an economic data aggregator. The FedBrain data is acquired from public domain sources, such as the CIA, International Monetary Fund, World Bank, and the U.S. Federal Reserve Banks. The Country-by-country economic data is updated once per year and the U.S. Federal Reserve data is updated every 2 hours, every day of the year. An account is required with service, and API key is used for authentication, and the API is currently free to use. The API uses REST calls.
 PsychSignal allows users to create a customized list of stock symbols for PsychSignal to monitor using their proprietary sentiment engine. They track the emotions and attitudes of people across the internet towards a company and provide an array of charts, graphs, and statistics designed to show the conditions of both the general market and individual securities at any given time. Users can follow their chosen symbols on their PsychSignal dashboard or get alerts sent to them automatically by email or SMS when conditions change.
 Coinabul is the first service that allows users to purchase gold using bitcoins. Gold and bitcoin prices are updated every minute, ensuring that the prices buyers see on the website are the prices they'll be paying. Coinabul uses special shipping infrastructure that includes insured shipping and nondescript packaging to ensure that orders arrive safely. The Coinabul API allows users to retrieve a data feed of bitcoin and gold prices, both in terms of each other and in U.S. dollars. Users can also place orders via API.
 Fswire is a social market data service that delivers relevant information to the financial markets community. The service uses proprietary algorithms to filter data from social applications such as Twitter in order to extract relevant messages that are most likely to be moving price.
Fswire offers an API for programmatic access to real time social analytics including sentiment, volume and trending for major US and UK securities. API endpoints include Securities, Analytics and Links.
 CoinWarz provides users with information on the profitability of various cryptocurrencies that are available for mining or trading. Cryptocurrencies are decentralized digital currencies that rely on principles of cryptography for their creation and transaction validations. CoinWarz brings together information from currency exchanges such as MtGox, BTCe, and mcxNow on its site. The CoinWarz API allows developers to retrieve information from the site in JSON format.
 The Currency Converter API allows users to get exchange rates between over 60 currencies with just 1 line of code. The API provides data with up to ten minutes latency. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account is required with service and the API cost 11 euros/7 dollars per year for use.
 Feathercoin is a crypto currency similar to others that provide users access to an unregulated market place where savings can be achieved. The Feathercoin API allows users to make calls to get information about the current mining specs, blocks, difficulty, and reward. Users can also make queries to get current exchange rates between feathercoin, fiat currencies, and other crypto currencies. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 YieldBook, provided by Citigroup, is a fixed income analytics system for use in performing analysis and stress testing on fixed income based portfolios. This includes yield calculations, duration, CPR predictions on mortgage backed and other asset backed securities, and other analytics and offerings. The YieldBook API, which returns XML, can integrate into third-party applications and allow users to do Pricing Data Retrieval, Price/Yield Analysis, Option-adjusted measures and rate of return calculations, run Scenario ROR "what if" Analysis, Cash Flow Analysis and perform other functions. An account is required with service.
 emeBTC is a bitcoin and litecoin exchange platform where users can buy, sell, and trade crypto currencies. The emeBTC API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and uses both an API key and SSL for authentication. The API allows users to make calls to get ticker information, check market depth, get currency history, and execute trades. An account is required with service.
 Slice is an online shopping assistant. Slice offers features for online shoppers such as tracking packages, price drop alerts, email receipts, and spending tracking.
The Slice API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Slice with other applications. Developers need to be familiarized with OAuth 2.0. For white label integrations, API Keys can be employed. The API returns JSON formatted data.
 Biteasy allows users to search for data on the bitcoin network by block, transaction, or address. The Biteasy Blockchain API provides developers with RESTful methods for reading data from the bitcoin network, enabling them to build their own services based on bitcoin network data. The API is free for non-commercial use; potential commercial users should contact Biteasy.
the-imagine-rest didn't extract the description
 Cryptonit is a crypto-currency market place where users can buy, sell, and exchange bitcoins. The site uses SSL for authentication along with user login. The Cryptonit API uses REST calls and returns JSON or XML. Possible calls include indexing, creating, retrieving, and otherwise manipulating the users bitcoins. An account is required with service.
 TaurusBit is a crypto-currency trading platform that works with bitcoin and litecoins. The site offers 24 hour uptime, an affiliate program, and fees as low as .4% and with a max of $10.00 per trade. The TaurusBit API uses REST calls and returns JSON. Using SSL and an API key for authentication, users can query to get account balances, open orders, make orders, cancel orders, and perform other calls. An account is required with service.
 OpenSpending is a project that seeks to track all public government and corporate financial transactions made around the world. To do so, it collects budgetary data, transactional data, public procurement data, and other types of data. OpenSpending currently offers hundreds of datasets from countries around the world. The project makes its data available to developers for use in reports and data visualizations via REST API.
 Paysius is a bitcoin payment service that allows customers to use bitcoins to pay merchants. The service offers zero risk of chargeback or payment reversal of any kind due to the use of bitcoin. The Paysius API uses REST calls and returns JSON. The API allows users to make queries to get new bitcoin addresses, send bitcoins, get bitcoin balances. An account is required with service, and an API key is used for authentication
 Litetree is a crypto-currency exchange centered around bitcoin and litecoin users. The site allows users to buy and sell litecoins and bitcoins for and with fiat currencies. The LiteTree API allows users to access and control their accounts using REST calls. Call examples include making requests for tickers, account balances, order books, as well as make calls to execute transactions. An account is required with service, and SSL and API Keys are used for authentication.
 TagniFi provides on-demand access to standardized financial statement data with metadata including source transparency and links to SEC filings. Collected filings include 10-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q and 10-Q/A. Data types included annual, quarterly and year-to-date. The TagniFi API allows users to make web API calls to search tags, get filings, get companies, and get transparency. The API returns JSON, an account is required with service, and an API Key and SSL are used for authentication.
 Mobipaycash is an e-commerce integration company that serves business to business clients and as well as business to customer clients. The site offers airlines booking, hotel bookings, bus booking, fund transfers, e-commerce integrations, and bill payment services. Mobipaycash offers APIs to utilize each of the travel recharge, finance, e-commerce, and educational services. An account is required with service.
 Penny Currency is a universal electronic payment system that allows customers to make purchases, pay bills, send and receive money payments online. Penny Currency provides a REST API that returns JSON or XML, that enable developers to build custom applications, tools, and services that integrate Penny Currency's functions, as well as automate payment systems. An account is required with service.
 LTCchain is an open-source litecoin resource designed for developers to build around the litecoin currency. The LTCchain API is a REST based API that offers low-latency access to the litecoin blockchain for developers to expand the mining and trading services. The API is free to use, andthere is no account required with service.
 CoinSetter is a bitcoin trading service that aims to bring bitcoins into broader markets and make it a known, and often traded, commodity. The site offers a full trading platform with low latency. The CoinSetter API allows users to make queries to get Market Data, Account information, interact with client session, get customer information, get customer addresses, view financial transactions, place orders, and other calls. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. Through these users can execute trading strategies and perform other account functions.
 BTCjam is a peer-to-peer Bitcoin lending service. The company aims to mae the lending process easily accessible from around the world, where users can choose the interest rate they can afford by listing the loans they want, and lenders and can pick those they wish to lend to. The BTCjam API allows users to query the current listings open for investment. The API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and uses both SSL and OAuth 2.0 for authentication. An account is required with service, and users must register the application that the API us being used in.
 Gusto is a payroll management service that facilitates tax calculations, tax filings, payments, direct deposits, and checks, independent contractor payments, and other functions. The GustoAPI allows users to integrate third-party systems with the Gusto platform. An account is required with service, and OAuth 2.0 is used for authentication. Gusto was formerly known as ZenPayroll. Gusto is not accepting new integrations currently, and API access is for existing partners.
 Tradier is a brokerage platform for equity and options trading. It is designed to provide simple, intuitive, and inexpensive ways for users to place trades, check their balances, and transfer money. Tradier provides a RESTful API for accessing the platform's trading functions, account services, and real-time and historical market data.
 ZuluTrade was built to bridge the gap between information and trade execution in money markets and to provide an open environment where currency traders can connect any trading platform and share their knowledge. The ZuluTrading API allows developers to trade programmatically through a RESTful interface. Use requires a ZuluTrade Trader account.
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) works to make markets for financial products and services work for Americans through education, enforcement, and study. The CFPBâ€™s Consumer Complaint Database catalogues the complaints received about financial products and services. The database consists of a single dataset, while providing multiple views through which to analyze the dataset.
The Consumer Complaint Database is exposed through a RESTful API built on the Socrata Open Data API. The API allows applications to retrieve metadata about the dataset and views, query for views matching specified search criteria, or retrieve specific rows of data from the dataset and views.
 binlist.net provides public access to a database of IIN/BIN information. Issuer Identification Numbers (IINs), formerly called Bank Identification Numbers (BINs), are composed of the first six digits of a credit card number. An IIN can be used to identify a card's brand, type, category, country of origin, and issuing bank or institution. Users can query the binlist.net database to retrieve this information via REST API.
 Experian is an information services company that serves people in more than 80 countries. The RKI-Register provides a database where Danish businesses can search for bad debt. The database can be used to find information on potential or existing customers and determine the state of their credit, helping companies to avoid financial losses and bad debt. The website and all documentation are provided exclusively in Danish.
 ICanBuy provides mortgage rate information collected by Informa Research Services. Users can search for rates by location, type of home, credit rating, and more. ICanBuy is useful both to people looking to buy a home and people looking to refinance. The advertised rates on ICanBuy are submitted by the lenders and brokers, and the actual rates may vary from the projected quote on the site.
 Billogram is cloud based invoicing service that allows small businesses to easily keep track of their cash flow. The service provides real time information about incoming payments as well as the status of invoices.
Billogram offers a REST API that allows third party applications and merchants to create and send invoices through the Billogram platform. Supported actions include Fetch invoice, Create new invoice and Update invoice. Results are delivered as JSON.
 Fuze Network is a credit card payment and recharge service. Fuze Network allows users to send money directly to a credit card as a payment, debit card as a deposit or prepaid card as a load. It can be used for online funds disbursement, gifting, shared, me2me and p2p payments or walk-in cash transactions.
The Fuze Network API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Fuze Network with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@fuzenetwork.com for API information.
 Pactas is a subscription billing solution that provides recurring billing, invoicing and contract management services. Pactas helps businesses manage subscriptions and memberships, track payments and design complex pricing models.
Pactas offers a RESTful, JSON-based API for programmatic access to Pactas services. API resources include customers, contracts, documents, files, and plans. Access to API resources is granted through OAuth 2.0 tokens.
 Disdar is a fully automatic semantic invoice analysis service that extracts important information from invoices with guaranteed accuracy. The service is scalable and intended to adapt to user needs.
Disdar's RESTful API allows developers to create custom services and apps that benefit from automatic invoice analysis. All interaction with the API is over HTTP and is formatted in JSON. An API key is required.
 Fundpeak is an investment database provider focusing on managed futures and forex and impact investing. Users can customize and personalize the data they want and run performance reports on investments and funds.
The Fundpeak API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Fundpeak with other applications. The API provides access to individual fields, statistics, portfolios, and charts. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should email info@fundpeak.com for API access.
 BeansBooks is a cloud-based accounting service for small and medium sized businesses. The service tracks financial data and progress to make report creation and generations easier. The service also facilitates year end reporting and tax preparation. The BeansBooks API allows users to source entries and vendor information from other related applications. The API can also automate accounting tasks like account creations. The API includes calls for getting account, customer, tax, setup, and vendor information. The services uses REST calls and returns JSON. An API key is required for access.
 The Open Bank Project provides an open source developer friendly API for banks that enables financial institutions to quickly and securely enhance their digital offerings. Developers can use the OBP API to build innovative applications and services that help account holders interact with banks based on their transaction data. OBP uses a secure, enterprise ready technology stack and supports secure Internet protocols such as OAuth.
 Debitoor is invoicing and accounting software designed for freelancers and small businesses. It can create good-looking, professional invoices and send quotes or reminders. Debitoor can handle trades across borders and in different languages. It comes with features for managing customer and product information.
 The Plaid API allows developers to integrate transaction and account data from most major financial institutions into third party applications. The data includes merchant names, street addresses, geo-coordinates, categories, and other info. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account is required with service.
 New York City provides programmatic access and feeds to the financial data that flows through The Office of the Comptroller. The Checkbook NYC API allows users to make REST calls to return a maximum of 1000 records. The API allows access to Budgets, Contracts, Payroll, Revenue, and Spending. The API returns data in XML format.
 Birdback is an app platform for payment cards providing a card-linked loyalty solution for financial institutions and the development opportunity for apps that consumers can add to their payment cards to be executed at the point of sale. Potential uses could include digital receipt generation, social network check-ins, or rewards. Birdback access is through a RESTful API supporting the development of card-linked applications.
Birdback is first in Europe to let retailers, affiliates and publishers link in-store cashback, vouchers and loyalty schemes directly to customersâ€™ payment cards.
As a result, adoption is many times greater and marketers can gather a more detailed picture of their audience.
 Predictious is a Bitcoin prediction market that allows people to make predictions on events, buy shares on predictions using Bitcoins, and collect a profit if those predictions are correct. Predictions can be made regarding any event, such as the number of sales for a new video game or the outcome of a political election. The costs of shares varies, going up and down like the prices of stocks. Users can choose to sell their shares before an event or short sell if they think an event will not occur.
Predictious allows users to perform trades from other applications and services using its REST API.
gsa-per-diem didn't extract the description
 Integral is a trading network for foreign exchanges in which users can participate across the entire FX market and automate trading. The Integral FX Inside API allows brokers, institutional clients, and clients to access liquidity providers and price streams. The API offers SSL, FX, and 24x7 support. An account is required with service.
 Quaderno allows business owners to manage their invoices, expenses, and cost estimates from one online location. Users can create highly personalized invoices that can be designed to be sent out once or on a recurring basis. Quaderno also provides functions for analyzing income statements, calculating taxes, and creating customized reports. Users retain complete control over their information and can export it at any time. Information stored with Quaderno can be accessed by its owners via REST API.
 Luno is a leading global cryptocurrency company with over 2 million customers in 40 countries and a team of over 150. Headquartered in London, Luno operates across Africa, South East Asia and Europe.
Luno products and services make it safe and easy to buy, store and learn about cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum.
 Inputs.io is a secure payment service that allows users to store use Bitcoins for payment. The service uses two factor authentication for security and is designed to enable users to get a wallet and start utilizing it with speed and ease. The Inputs.io API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and allows users to get balances, get last transactions, send transactions, get transaction details, sign and verify messages, and generate/redeem vouchers. An account is required with service.
 Crunch is an online accountancy firm that specializes in accessible accounting services for contractors, freelancers, and small businesses. Crunch offers a unique combination of cloud software and dedicated, personal service.
The Crunch REST API allows developers to integrate data and services from Crunch into third-party applications. The API documentation covers supplier, expense and client service endpoints. Responses are returned in XML.
 CoinJar is a digital currency wallet that aims to bridge the gap between fiat and alternative currencies. The CoinJar Exchange Data API provides real-time and historical public market data.
 TÃ¼rk Telekom Group is a fixed line, mobile, and internet service provider based in Turkey. Their Investor Relations website is designed to provide information to current and potential investors and includes the company's financial and operational information, regulatory disclosures, and more.
The website's My Bookmarks & Notes feature allows users to bookmark pages that they find useful and to record personal notes. The Personal Note API provides programmatic access to these services. Specifically, it allows users to add bookmarks, add or retrieve notes, and rate pages.
 BankImport provides users with a single place to track their financials over several accounts from different banks. The BankImport API allows developers to automatize the processing of incoming and outgoing money, providing direct access to transactions, bank accounts, and settings. The RESTful API returns JSON or XML formatted responses.
 Cryptank is a crypto-currency information service that provides users with information about various currencies across multiple markets and exchanges. The site allows users to search for current exchange price across a broad array of crypto and fiat currencies as they are being used throughout multiple online currency exchanges. The Cryptank Ticker API allows users to query for the current ask price for a specified market, the current bid price, last price, and the the current spread between the bid and the ask price. The API uses REST calls.
 Pool-X is a Litecoin mining service that allows a group of user to share the computing power of multiple computers to solve blocks of Litecoins. The users then split the coins that are generated form solving the block and can sell them or trade them for other currencies. The Pool-X API allows users to query for the name of the pool being mined, check a hash rate, check workers, share this round, get info on the last block, as well as query for info about individual mining statistics. The services uses REST calls and returns JSON. An API key is required with service.
 Crypto-Change is a crypto-currency exchange service that provides a market place for the trade of online currencies, trading bots so users can schedule and automate certain functions, and is aiming to create the largest mining pool on the internet. The Crypto-Change API allows users to make queries to get current trade balances, and in selected currencies, get order types, amounts, currencies, prices, release, delete, read, cancel, and execute orders, and several other calls. The API uses REST calls and returns XMl or JSON.
 LocalBitcoin is a Bitcoin site that facilitates the purchase, sale, and trading of Bitcoins with nearby people. The site services over 244 countries and enables the private and secure trade of the crypto-currency. The LocalBitcoin API allows users to automate routine tasks involved with the maintenance of advertisements and/or trading, or create applications that utilize the LocalBitcoin service that can earn the user money. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON. The API requires an API key and uses OAuth 2 for authentication.
 Crypto-Trade is a trading platform that allows users to trade crypto-currencies for U.S. Dollars Euros, and other alternative currencies. The Crypto-Trade API allows users to make queries to get currency tickers, market depth, account balance information, transaction count, API permissions, trade history, order history, transaction history, and order information as well as execute trades and cancel orders. The API uses REST calls, returns JSON, and uses both SSL and requires an API key.
 CoinChoose tracks various statistics across a wide variety of crypto-currencies. The site provides charts as well a comparison of the basket of currencies against both Bitcoin and Litecoin. The CoinChoose API makes the statistics for each currencies available through REST calls. The API returns JSON.
 MaxBTC is a Bitcoin mining pool where users combined their computing power to solve Bitcoin blocks and earn Bitcoins.The MaxBTC allows pool miners to query the poll for stats on the current block, stats on the entire mining pool, user balance, current miners, and other calls. An API key is required for use, as well as membership in the mining pool.
 AltaPay is a payment management company that offers technical processing and complete end to end reconciliation of payments across Europe, Asia and the US. The AltaPay technical payment gateway solution allows for the continuous addition of alternative payment methods and mechanisms, as well as certification into additional financial institutions across the world, allowing business to respond quickly to client requirements. AltaPay offers an API for developers. Full documentation is available by request.
 FinData is a company that provides financial information services to personal investors. The company is working on becoming a global information resource, and its information covers both local and international stock markets. The FinData API enables users to retrieve information from the site using SOAP calls. Available information includes stock symbols, stock quotes, and exchange rates.
 The Dubai Financial Market (DFM) is a public institution that operates as a secondary market for trading securities, bonds, investment funds, and other financial instruments. The DFM provides the Ticker Data API, which allows users to retrieve ticker data from the site using SOAP calls issued in XML format. The DFM website is provided in English.
 BitMarket is a Bitcoin exchange platform that allows users to buy and sell Bitcoins in a variety of currencies. The BitMarket API allows users to submit REST requests to get the market volume, min and max prices for all currencies, get active currency offers, and get latest completed transactions. An account is required with service and SSL is used for authentication.
bitcoin-24/7 didn't extract the description
 CME Group provides futures and options trading services to help investors manage their risk. One of their services is CME ConfirmHub, which allows users to send trades to multiple firms over a single connection and in a standard format. It also provides electronic access to brokered trades and CME-cleared transactions. These functions can be accessed programmatically using the CME ConfirmHub SOAP API.
 Xero is an online accounting system designed for small businesses and their advisors.
The Xero Payroll API exposes the application's payroll related functions. The RESTful API can be used for a variety of purposes including syncing employee details and importing timesheets. The API supports GET/POST calls and authenticates with OAuth 1.0.
Current release is available for use with Autralian and US based organizations only.
 Eligius is a Bitcoin mining operation named for Saint Eligius, the patron saint of goldsmiths, metalworkers, and coin collectors. The Eligius mining pool has no fees, and no registration is required. The operation exposes information about its pool and miners through its stats page and its API.
The Eligius API allows users to retrieve data on pool miners' earnings and balances, the amount of shares available, payouts, and user output via REST calls.
 CrowdBouncer is a service that's designed to bring equity crowdfunding portals into compliance with the JOBS Act and to provide backend closing services. While many of CrowdBouncer's resources are ready for implementation, some are still waiting on the finalization of rules by the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission). Crowdbouncer's functions are accessible programmatically using REST calls in XML or JSON.
btcto didn't extract the description
 TheRockTrading is an EU based virtual currency exchange platform that allows users to trade bitcoins, lindens and other virtual currencies using Euros and US Dollars. The site also issues and tracks different virtual currencies funds that issue dividends, and provides traders with insurance. TheRockTrading API operates using REST calls, returns JSON or JSONP, and can make queries to check the order book, obtain trade tickers, and obtain latest trades. An account is required with service.
 Tradery is a site for developing environments for the creation, trial, and implementation of trading systems. The service provides position sizing options, over 130 technical indicators, stock screeners, back testers, and many other features. The Tradery API allows provides users with the ability to integrate with third party sites, automate trader sessions, do trade system optimization, forward analysis, automate brokerage account trading, and other functions. An account is required with service, and the API uses REST calls.
 BTCData monitors and records all Bitcoin transactions and public payment addresses used in transactions. Developers can retrieve information and statistics on Bitcoin transactions programmatically using the RESTful BTCData API. This can be used to get information on whether a transaction has confirmed, whether someone has sent the user a payment recently, the total amount of Bitcoins paid to a given address, and more.
 Btct.co, BTC Trading Corp, is a stock exchange service that allows users to buy shares in a virtual currency stock exchange. The site provides users with an avenue to buy or sell shares that have been issued in virtual currency companies, issue shares, deposit and withdraw cash, and create assets. The API uses REST calls and allows users to query for assets and market data, ticker data, order book data, contract info, all trade data, trade history, and dividend history. An account is required with service and API keys and SSL are used for authentication.
 FxSpyder is a forex trading service that provides users access to backtesting and trading robots. The FxSpyder API allows users to develop custom automated trading systems with commercial trading accounts, multi-user managed accounts, and personal retail accounts. The API is designed to communicate uniformly with the assorted brokers forex APIs so that code only needs to be written once. The API uses JavaScript, and an account is required with service.
 CoolTrade is a robotic stock trading service that allows traders, individual investors, software developers, and black-box algorithmic traders to automate trading. The CoolTrade API is accessible through REST calls or DDE. The API allows users to submit orders, add watch lists, check indicators, view account information, and other calls.
 Wolverine Executions Services (WEX) provides a trading platform for users to securely and anonymously trade options, futures, and equities through a electronic trading platform, floor access, brokerage desks, or algorithms. The WEX API allows users to place orders manage positions, and create complex trading strategies. The API uses the FIX protocol for secure financial transactions. An account is required with service.
 AvaFX is a forex trading platform that allows users to open practices accounts to try out trading risk-free, as well as trade with millisecond speed, 24-hour quotes for currencies, trading in CFDs, commodities, metals, and stock indices, leverage trading up to 200:1, and other financial operations. The AvaFX API allows users to integrate the AvaFX trade platform into third-party software. The API allows users to automate certain functions including: trade requests, stop-loss, take-profit, and order entry, access to trading history, access to current market data, and testing.
 Progetica is an Italian financial consulting firm based in Milan. They engage in activities such as financial education, tools development, and the diffusion of information via newspapers, websites, books, etc. The Progetica website is offered in both Italian and English.
The Progetica SOAP API allows users to retrieve informational slides from the website. These slides cover topics such as portfolio analysis, mortgages, and pensions.
 AlphaPoint is a New York based digital currency exchange that offers its users a trading platform with cold storage, and the capacity to implement high-frequency trading strategies among other features. The AlphaPoint API allows users to create an account, get user IDs from a cell phone number, verify a phone number, log in, log out, create and cancel orders, get instruments, get public trade logs, and several other calls. The service uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account with service is required and SSL and API tokens are used for authentication.
 Litecoin Global is an online exchange that allows users to buy or issue stocks in virtual currency companies. The site operates entirely on Litecoin which users must purchase from exchanges or mine themselves. The LitecoinGlobal API allows users to query for lists of all assets and market data, ticker data for a specific asset, order book data, contract data, all trades on the site, trade history, dividends, as well as full account and portfolio information. The services uses REST calls and can return JSON or CSV.
 The Rapaport Group provides knowledge-based information services supporting the development of free, fair, efficient, competitive, and profitable diamond and jewelry markets. Their primary websites are Diamonds.net, RapNet.com, and Rapaport Auctions.
The Rapaport Price List API provides access to Rapaport price sheets, price changes, and specific prices. The API is available as a SOAP web service and as HTTP POST calls. XML and JSON formatted responses are supported.
 HaveLockInvestments is a Bitcoin exchange and investment service. The site offers a serious of Bitcoin related investments such as mining equipment, and assorted exchanges. The HaveLockInvestments API allows users read-only access to account data, ticker information, balances, and portfolio details. An account is required with service, and API information is available at log in.
 Quantopian is a algorithmic trading platform that was developed for investors and statisticians to build, test, and execute different trading strategies. The site provides 11 years of US equity data for uses to back test trading strategies. The Quantopian API allows users to check the trade log, view orders, get open orders, get orders, cancel orders, check portfolio positions, and call for snapshots of portfolios. The service uses SOAP calls.
 Unocoin aims to be a centralized location for all Bitcoin information. It provides lists of forums, news, mining technology, Bitcoin wallets, and other information. The The Unocoin API allows users to display payment instructions on a merchant site, receive notification with payment and status, submit an order in over 30 currencies, and receive payouts to bank accounts in 9 countries. The API is based on JSON, an account is required with service.
 Bitcoin-Status is a site that monitors the uptime of the major bitcoin exchanges, wallets, and other services. The site monitors if they are online, if they have had downtime in the last 24 hours, last 60 minutes, or currently. They also provide charting of up & downtime, reaction time, and loading time. The Bitcoin-Status API provides users free access to the data feeds for all of the tracked exchanges and service sites. Users can get the data in XML, JSON, or ARR.
crypto::stocks didn't extract the description
 Takasbank is Turkish bank that, in addition to regular banking functions, provides settlement and custody services relating to capital market and stock exchange regulations. Takasbank users can retrieve information from the site and perform banking functions programmatically via SOAP API. The Takasbank website is provided in both Turkish and English.
 HashRack is a Bitcoin mining service that provides users with charts, real-time updates, giveaways, and decentralized mining technology. The HashRack API allows users to query for the status of the API, the mining pool stats, the user status, the user rewards, the user transactions, and the worker status. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account and API key is required with service.
 Bitcoin Sentiment is a polling site where users vote on the future price of Bitcoins. The site also offers charts of the sentiment data, and makes the data freely downloadable. The Bitcoin Sentiment API allows users to send votes to indicate bullish or bearish prospects for the Bitcoin economy, and get data from Bitcoin Sentiment. The services uses REST calls and is free to use.
 BIPS is an online payment service that allows users to buy, sell, trade, withdraw and accept Bitcoins as payment. The BIPS API allows the users to send bitcoins, get the balance of the user's account, and export transactions. The service uses REST calls. An account and an API Key are required to use the API.
 The Sunlight Foundation is a non-partisan, non-profit group that uses technology to make the U.S. government more transparent and accountable.
Influence Explorer provides site visitors with extensive and detailed information on campaign contributions, lobbying reports, grants, and more. This data is available raw or in the form of charts, graphs, and Top 10 lists. The Influence Explorer API allows users to retrieve this information programmatically using REST calls.
 Pin Payments is a multi-currency payment system that accepts payment from an Visa or MasterCard debit or credit card both locally and internationally. The service operates without requiring a merchant account or an extensive process for application. The Pin Payments API uses REST calls and returns JSON. SSL is required for use, and a unique API key is required for each service endpoint.
 Tradervue is a journaling and analytics tool for active equity traders. Users can track trades, quantify trading performance, and share trades with the Tradervue community. The Tradervue API provides developers with a RESTful interface for importing trade data. Authentication takes place via HTTP Basic Authentication over SSL. Responses are JSON formatted.
 SpotPrices.biz is a web service providing price data for gold, silver and other metals, as well as currency rates. The SpotPrices.biz API provides developer access to price data. The API is accessed via HTTP POST calls. SpotPrices.biz provides a limited free API or unlimited access through a paid membership.
 MangoPay is a full-stack payment platform for accepting online payments and managing e-money. It gives users the ability to create e-wallets, transfer money between e-wallets, allow group payments, hold escrow funds, and collect fees in a variety of ways. MangoPay provides advanced payment features such as recurring payments, single-click payments, and refunds on cards. The platform accepts payments from more than 150 countries in the local currencies. MangoPay's functions can be accessed programmatically via REST API.
 Ftsee is a service that tracks detailed information about securities that includes their products, competitors, and suppliers. Each security has its own message stream full of information that users can view, favorite, and share. Ftsee users can follow as many securities as they like through the service.
The Ftsee API can be used to retrieve low-level data and get alerts when there is unusual activity surrounding a security. It also provides real-time social analytics that include sentiment, volume, and trends for major securities and foreign exchange rates.
 CGI is a company that provides a variety of business IT services. One such service is the web-based Insurance Information Services API, which enables clients to view the claim history of a driver and all of their policies. Information is retrieved based on the driver's license. This service is accessible via SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 The IBAN (International Bank Account Number) Calculator can convert a national account number into an IBAN, validate an IBAN, and find bank information for an IBAN. These functions are useful when performing cross-border online transactions in Europe, validating account numbers, etc. Also, in the event of a fraudulent money transfer, the police can use an IBAN find out about the bank involved and its location. The IBAN Calculator guarantees the correctness of its calculations. Its services can be accessed directly through the website or programmatically via SOAP API.
 Eclipse MC is a Bitcoin mining consortium that allows users to unite their processing power to mine Bitcoins at a greater rate than they would individually. The available calls can be retrieved through the API, but include queries to get the pools statistical information, user information, and block information. The API uses REST calls, and returns JSON. An account is required with service, an API key will be generated when an account is created. SSL and the API key are used for authentication.
 50BTC is a bitcoin mining pool. The site allows users to unite CPU and graphic card power to solve progressively more difficult blocks to create bitcoins. The earning coin are split among the pool. The 50BTC API allows users to query for account statistics and for statistics on blocks found by the pool. The Service uses REST calls, requires an account, and uses SSL for authentication.
 WalletBit is a Bitcoin storage site that allows users to create a digital wallet where they can store their Bitcoins. The site also offers a point of sale platform for using Bitcoins as payment at merchant sites. The WalletBit API allows users to send information to Walletbit accounts or Bitcoin Addresses, generates a Bitcoin address to load coins and forward to sms or email, lookup and deposit to a Bitcoin address, generate new butcoin addresses. The Service r
 BTC to X is a currency rate calculator that converts Bitcoins into other currencies, and other currencies into Bitcoins. The BTC to X API allows users to make calls that calculate the exchange from Bitcoins, to Bitcoins, and return the weighted average price to and from Bitcoin across different time periods. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 [This API is no longer available. Its functions have been split among the following APIs: Cboe Trade Review, Cboe Time and Sales, Cboe Theo Calc, Cboe LiveVol’s Market at a Glance. This profile is being maintained purely for historical and research purposes.]
Knight Hotspot FX is an online trading platform that offers a matching engine and all related systems to provide trade executions, confirmations, and real-time trade information. The Knight Hotspot FX API allows market data snapshots using its Java API and its FIX Bookfeed API, as well as allowing users to execute trades and post-trade information calls. An account is required with service.
 Municipal DataWorks (MDW) is an asset management solution designed to assist municipalities in maintaining and managing their tangible capital assets. MDW stores data on the attributes and condition of an asset, tracks repairs, and converts data into information that policy-makers can use to estimate the level of investment required to maintain infrastructure.
MDW is based on the Municipal Infrastructure Data Standard (MIDS). Combined with MDWâ€™s non-proprietary database, it allows users to take ownership of their data and make it available for integration with third party software applications. Integration is accomplished using a SOAP API, which allows users to retrieve information from MDW, save information to MDW, perform remote electronic data collection, and more.
 Finotec is a London-based forex broker that that offers electronic trading, voice trading, and deliverable forex, on the FinotecPro and MT4 trading systems. The Finotec API gives users access to more than 20 bank feeds, a high-speed, multi-bank FIX gateway, and many other features. An account is required with service.
 Young Belfius (known as "Belfius Jong" in Dutch or "Belfius Jeunes" in French) is a Belgian financial institution that provides products and services to individuals younger than 25 to help them with the daily management of their money. It provides services and information for creating a budget, saving money, getting loans, etc. The Belfius API allows users to access the website's services programmatically via SOAP calls. The Belfius website can be viewed in either Dutch or French.
 CitiFXpro is a forex trading service provided by Citibank. CitiFXpro provides account and trade access in real-time through the desktop software, a web interface, and a mobile service. The CitiFXpro API uses automated feeds for execution and a pricing model based on volume. The service uses an FIX protocol. Part of the TradeStream service, the API documentation is not publicly available.
 InTrade is a prediction market that allows users to buy or sell shares in future events. The service creates a market for events ranging from closing prices on exchanges, to the outcomes of elections. The InTrade API has a data retrieval side and a Trading side. With the former the user can check present and historic market data on events. With the latter, the user can check individual data, enter orders, check account balances, and other trading related functions. The API uses REST calls and returns XML data with no wrappers.
 SaxoBank A/S is a licensed Danish Bank that enables institutional clients to trade multiple asset classes on the same platform. The site offers extensive information on the trading technologies and platforms provided as well as a live API pricing demo that allows users to place trades in different strategies and determine the API related cost. The Open API allows users to trade FX, Commodities, indices, CFDs, CFD DMA, stocks, and futures. An account is required with service. The API operates over VPN and uses SAML2 for security.
 OptionHouse is an online trading platform that aims to give its customers an edge through delivering low prices, high speed platform and execution, and low trading prices. The OptionsHouse API allows users to perform calls for authentication, quotes, order preview, order creation, order modification, order cancellation, order status, account positions, account details, account activity, and account cash. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON.
 The Dubai Financial Market (DFM) is a public institution that operates as a secondary market for trading securities, bonds, investment funds, and other financial instruments. The DFM provides an API that allows users to retrieve market summary data using SOAP calls issued in XML format. The DFM website is provided in English.
 SutiExpense is a web-based solution designed to make managing and tracking expenses easier for both employees and managers. It can be configured to meet the expense reporting needs for businesses of all sizes. By automating the reporting process, SutiExpense speeds approvals and eliminates errors. It also provides analytical dashboards for understanding spending patterns.
SutiExpense provides a real-time accounting data API that allows information from SutiExpense to be integrated with other applications. This feature is mentioned in the site's comparison of software edition features, but detailed documentation is not publicly available.
 Eurex is a derivatives exchange service that offers low-cost electronic access to fixed income markets and international benchmark products. The VALUES API is a connection and log-in function that allow the user to access the exchange service. The service supports asynchronous data transfers between user systems and the exchange central system. An account is required with service.
 Deutsche-boerse is an exchange organization that is comprised of stock market investors, global capital market companies, and financial institutions They offer a full range of financial services, from securities and derivatives, to clearing services, and market data production. The VALUES API is a connection and log-in function that allow the user to access the exchange service. The service supports asynchronous data transfers between user systems and the exchange central system. An account is required with service.
 StrategYard is an investment strategy trial service that allows individuals to test and evaluate potential investment strategies in a simulated environment. The site allows users to work create, test, and delete multiple strategies, see performance metrics and charts, and automate trading strategies. The StrategYard API is a REST based service that returns XML. With it, users can login, get strategies, open position, execute trades, get pending orders, delete strategies, logout, and several other commands.
 KashFX is a we-based commodities, currency, futures, credit, and equity trading platform that offers browser-based front-end so that the entire service is accessible via the web. The service has a 3 millisecond transaction time in its futures markets, and also offers trading in energy markets. The KashFX API permits user to access and integrate the trading functionality of the KashFX platform with third-party applications. An account is required with service, the API uses SOAP protocols, and SSL and an API key are used for authentication.
 Shoebooks is a fully featured online accounting and payroll solution that is based in Australia. The Shoebooks SOAP interface ensures that all business rules and data structure complies with the Shoebooks accounting and payroll system. The Shoebooks API allows users to create/edit customers, supplier or employee records, Create new invoices or bills, apply receipts to invoices and payments to bills, as well as create and lookup banking transactions.
 Astutepayroll.com handles the payroll and timekeeping for businesses around the world, and offers a 99.9% uptime guarantee. The astutepayroll.com API can be used to integrate the astutepayroll.com application with third-party applications and data. The API also provide mechanisms that enable the user to customize the astutepayroll.com user interface with custom components and validations. An account is required with service. Documentation is not publicly available.
 PaymentEvolution is a secure online payroll service aimed at small and mid-sized businesses in Canada. The PaymentEvolution Payroll API supports calculations from simple federal/provincial deductions through to more complex custom benefits and earnings. Common API requests include simple deduction calculations based on current tax tables - users can input a standard set of variables to receive the calculated result, custom deductions, benefits and earnings - to extend the API to include any number of custom calculations. An account is required with service.
 KeyPay is a cloud-based payroll and accounting service for Australian employers. The service allows users to make automate simple functions, allows them the flexibility to configure the system, and integrate the services with other applications. The KeyPay YourPayroll API allows users to query for a list of businesses, locations, work types, employees, time sheets, pay categories, and other payroll information. The API uses REST calls and returns JSON. An account is required with service and authentication is preformed using SSL and API keys.
 LeadFusion is a financial experience management solutions service that helps financial institutions build relationships and brand loyalty. The API allows users to exercise full design control over tool calculation inputs and output interfaces. Decouple the financial tool interface from tool calculation and educator content. Embed financial tool functionality into environments such as mobile devices, e-commerce platforms, financial planning applications, and emerging media such as digital television and on-line or interactive video.
 Mlcalc.com provides mortgage and loan calculators to assist users in determining the expense of loan and mortgage obligations. The site includes a mortgage rate finder, website promotion tools, and mortgage widgets. The mortgage loan calculator API allows users to embed a payment calculator into user websites and applications. User must specify the desired loan parameters in the appropriate calculator form and click generate the code.
 OptionsXpress, by Charles Schwab, is a single platform taht allows users to trade options and futures contracts. Users can manage accounts with the API including order entry as well as any account-related function that is available to users on the optionsXpress website. If it's not available on the website, it's not available via the API. An account is required with service.
 Endpoint Exchange is comprised of a diverse group of financial institutions, check imaging software developers, and image-item processing outsourcers, is an electronic check image exchange provider for the financial services industry. The Endpoint Exchange API is a set of protocols by which any item processing system can connect to the Endpoint Exchange Network. The API is designed to help developers of check and item processing systems make their systems tightly integrate with the Endpoint Exchange client.
 PowerOptions is an online options information and trading site that allows traders to do research and execute trades. The PowerOptions API allows users to do account management, create pre-defined search reports, perform custom searches, advanced stock chains, quick finds, request stock and option quotes, historical option quotes, and do a long option finder. The API uses REST or SOAP and returns XML.
 The service provides accounts payable functionality to be integrated with financial and accounting software such as Xero, FreeAgent, KashFlow, ClearBooks or Sage 50. It documents payment liabilities pending and already processed, with scheduling of payable due dates, payment approvals, and online tracking of expenses by category. Accounts receivable functionality helps with tracking of payments due, including invoicing and automatic generation of email to remind suppliers.
API methods support setting up accounts for payables with supplier profile, amount, one-time or recurring payment, and general ledger account where payments should post. Methods also support setting up receivables with customer profile, product profile, amount, and general ledger account. The API supports contact records to simplify interacting with suppliers about payments due and with customers about invoices pending.
 BGC Market Data is a supplier of international financial data. Finance professionals use BGC products and services for price discovery, analysis, risk management, portfolio monitoring and valuation, research, and more.
BGCantor On-Demand is a service offered by BGC Market Data for accessing treasury, fixed income, foreign exchange, futures, and credit derivatives data. This data is available for integration with users' applications and services using SOAP-based APIs.
 The service provides financial functions and account management for applications used by customers to interact with the French bank. Functionality helps developers to register with the provider's CAS Store repository to display applications for smartphones and allow users to install them on their own devices. The service allows developers to implement credit card account management and other banking functions.
API methods support registration of new applications with the repository and update those listings over time. Methods support interactions with a user's credit card account and updates to bank account access credentials. The API implements its own geolocation service based on the city, street address, or longitude/latitude coordinates.
 StatPro is a portfolio reporting and analytics service for companies and organizations. StatPro allows users to access and analyze various data, such as investments, portfolios, and stock market.
The StatPro API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of StatPro with other applications. Data is available in JSON and XML.
 Debitsuccess is a full-service direct debit initiator that provides billing services to over 1200 clients throughout Australasia. The company's APIs enable users to create a seamless interface between websites or software and the Debitsuccess Total Billing Solution.
The Data Transfer API enables users to submit client billing data to Debitsuccess and to retrieve client and transaction information from them, as well. The Extended version of the API allows users to integrate with all aspects of the Debitsuccess Total Billing Solution. Both versions of the API operate via SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 The service provides calculations of standard financial ratios and other measures based on input provided by a user or application. Examples include projected growth of a retirement or other savings account, how long before retirement goals are met assuming specified regular savings, etc. Calculations are specific to the Australian financial environment and reflect government policies for superannuation, account splitting, and other practices specific to retirement accounts.
API methods support calculation of savings plan contributions needed to meet specific monetary and time-based retirement goals. Methods also provide for government co-contributions, splitting contributions between accounts, superannuation effects, and current income sacrificed by retirement savings plans.
 The service reports on holdings and purchases of U.S. Treasury securities by the New York Federal Reserve Bank as part of its role in implementing U.S. currency supply policy. It provides data updated weekly either for batch download or for real-time access via a web service. Applications can access this authoritative data for selected time periods starting in 2003.
API methods support retrieval of either a summary or specific time series data, either monthly or quarterly, for open market holdings by the New York Fed. Methods also allow retrieval of holdings data by type of security.
 The service provides data used in and derived by the provider's online inflation calculators. It allows research about inflation over time in Russia and analysis of its effect on prices and buying power within the country. Formats for accessing data include tables and charts summarizing inflation over time and web services that provide the same data for use by other applications.
API methods support calculation of inflation within Russia for specified time periods and raw price changes driven by inflation. Methods also provide changes in purchasing power of the Ruble for specified time period.
 PayLane is an online payment platform. PayLane offers online payment services for merchants in a variety of languages and in a variety of currencies and payment methods.
The PayLane API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of PayLane with other applications. Some example API methods include managing account information, retrieving payment information, and managing payments.
 The PCI-compliant service provides online payment processing to merchants across Europe and South Africa via several different methods suited to different sets of needs and merchant capabilities. Methods range from payment buttons directing buyers to the provider's interface through white-label options to full API integration of credit and debit card processing. Available payment options support subscription payments with recurring invoicing and highly secure options with fraud prevention.
API methods support submission of merchant information including product purchased and transaction amount and buyer information such as name, billing address, and card or payment account information. Methods interact with card associations Visa, MasterCard/Maestro, American Express, and Diners Club or a number of partner banks to preauthorize payment and complete funds capture. Methods also support transaction inquiries, transaction voids, and refunds. Advanced methods allow scheduling of recurring subscription payments and fraud detection.
 Webteh is Croatian based ISO/MSP/PSP registered and licensed for differnet banks in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro with presence in UK for EU based Merchants (Webteh LTD) and USA (Webteh Inc.) for USA based Merchants. The company provides WebPay, a PCI-compliant, secure payment processing via a white-label hosted interface or full integration based on its REST API. Transactions are resolved through global payment networks such as Visa and MasterCard/Maestro using registered merchant accounts and buyer profiles. Available services include transaction status inquiries, refunds, and scheduled installment payments.
API methods support submission of a transaction for payment, with merchant identifier, product purchased, and payment amount along with buyer profile identifier and payment card information to generate preauthorization codes. Completion of a preauthorized payment generates transaction status updates and transfers funds. Methods also support inquiries about previously submitted transactions and cancellations.
 The service from Germany provides payment processing for small amounts of money, especially suited to fees for software downloads, content access, and other inexpensive online services. It consolidates functions for conventional debit and credit card charges as well as payments triggered by phone calls or other interactions with mobile devices along with selective disbursement of prepaid account balances. Sellers register accounts with the service, but buyers need not create accounts to submit payments.
API methods support call2pay, a set of functions for one-time payment events or scheduled invoicing for recurring charges triggered via mobile devices. Methods also support disbursement of prepayments by authorized bank transfer as well as conventional charges to credit card and debit card numbers.
 Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) is a securities retailer that caters to both businesses and individuals. The APEC website provides both online financial information and trading capabilities. Their API provides a programmatic method through which users can make orders and payments, set and manage alerts, and retrieve financial information of all kinds. The APEC website is offered in both Vietnamese and English.
 The Georgia Revenue Service is a part of the Ministry of Finance that supports businesses in Georgia and manages the tax system. The Revenue Service also provides the WayBill API, which enables users to create, manage, and retrieve waybills online. A waybill is a document that gives details and instructions relating to the shipment of goods. It usually shows the names of the consignor and consignee, the point of origin for the shipment, its destination, and its route. Users can access the WayBill API using SOAP calls issued in XML format. The Georgia Revenue Service website is provided in both Georgian and English.
 The service from the United Nations Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Aid provides tools for tracking appeals for aid and flows of financial resources in response. It is part of the UN's program for prioritizing needs documented by humanitarian workers embedded in communities in need throughout the world. The tracking system accepts appeal documents generated and makes them available to agencies of member states and other partners to consider possible funding. The FTS then records funding provided to meet such needs and its disbursement.
API methods support management of lists of aid appeals and projects requesting funding, including status as ongoing or emergency efforts, along with organizatoins and countries both requesting and providing aid. Methods also record both pledges made and funding provided by donor organization, date, amount, and recipient. The API generates data in the format recognized by the International Aid Transparency Initiative (IATI).
 The service provides of online submission of reports and payments of franchise taxes due to the state government of Texas. It employs a data schema used by the MeF XML e-file service of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) including compliance with TIGERS standards for exchanges of tax data, which are also endorsed by the IRS.
API methods support submission of data required by the Texas Comptroller's office for tax payments by franchisees operating within the state. Methods also support payment of taxes owed and monitoring status of a submission under the service.
 The Xchangeonline API provides developers with currency conversion functionality and currency rounding functionality. All exchange rates are kept current. Developers simply call the API specifying the function(conversion or rounding), amount of money, the current currency, the desired currency value, and the API key giving them access to the service. The API then returns the value of the money in the currency desired. It also supports a wide variety of development platforms and over 100 different currencies.
 The Super Fund Lookup website provides access to publicly available information about super funds that have an ABN (Australian Business Number). Such information includes the complying status and contact details for a fund. Interested parties can search for super funds directly from the website using the web interface or programmatically using the SOAP-based API. The web interface lets users search for a super fund by name or ABN, while the API currently lets users search by ABN only.
 EurotaxGlass is a leading provider of data, solutions, and business intelligence services for the European automotive community. They provide the Valuation API, which enables users to determine the value of a car based on information such as the country in which the vehicle is located, its condition, and its mileage. This service is programmatically accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 The Home Warranty Premium Calculator is a tool provided by the New South Wales (NSW) Home Warranty Insurance Fund for use by builders, owner-builders, and homeowners. This tool calculates the total premium payable, including Stamp Duty, GST, and broker commission for any project type and value up to $1 million. For projects over $1 million, an 'indicative only' price is quoted. The Home Warranty Premium Calculator can be accessed directly through the website or programmatically via SOAP API.
 The service provides access to and interaction with the provider's suite of online accounting tools. It allows for integration of accounting functionality with other applications such as e-commerce and vendor management tools to automatically book financial transactions such as sales revenues with resulting receivables and invoices with resulting payables. Reporting functions generate standard accounting statements according to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
API methods support the full range of accounting functions, including creating and updating the chart of accounts, booking general ledger transactions, assigning transactions to specific accounts, managing accounts receivable and accounts payable, etc. Reporting methods generate income (profit and loss) statements, balance sheets, cash flow statements, etc.
 The service provides data indicating supply and demand conditions and resulting price projections in world energy markets, including crude oil, refined petroleum, natural gas, and other resources. It also provides estimates of transportation capacity and rates of usage, which affect delivery of energy products to market. Applications can make use of authoritative indicators of market fundamentals, compiled and analyzed for compatibility in reporting and graphic displays.
API methods provide data streams for specified time ranges, markets, and energy products cached for 10-minute intervals. Methods allow selection of data sources and data types along with tags applied by the service to distinguish groups of data points.
 EurotaxGlass's is a leading provider of data, solutions, and business intelligence services for the European automotive community. The Eurotax RepairEstimate API enables users to estimate the cost of repairs for a vehicle based on its make, model, extent of damage, and the country in which it is located. This service can be accessed directly through the website or programmatically using SOAP calls.
 TaqTiqa is a streaming data delivery network that provides historical and current ticker and quote data to traders and hedge funds. The Taqtiqa API provides a hypermedia based REST based service that is a single entry point describing available resources. The service returns JSON and uses HTTP Basic Auth over SSL and API Tokens for security.
 The service from IntercontinentalExchange provides data about market transactions and trends from global markets in commodity futures contracts, over-the-counter (OTC) stock issues, and derivative securities such as option contracts. It reports on market transactions and clearinghouse exchanges from North America, Europe, and countries in other regions. It sets benchmark values and calculates indexes in many industries (e.g., energy and agriculture) as well as foreign exchange (forex) markets and equities.
API methods support placement and routing of orders for securities transactions and retrieval of transaction and research data reflecting the trading history of securities and markets. Methods also support post-trade processing to complete transactions in conformance with legal and other requirements.
 Cursor d.o.o. is a Slovenian IT company that has created an online fiscalization service in response to the new Croatian Fiscalization Law. In this case, fiscalization refers to cash transactions fiscalization, which is used to provide an overview of cash transaction revenues for taxation purposes. The Fiscalization Service allows uniform communication between taxpayers and the Tax Administration. The Cursor d.o.o. Fiscalization Service API uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 The service provides historical exchange rates for selected currency pairs using data from the U.S. Federal Reserve System and the European Central Bank (ECB). It can provide either current exchange rates or values in effect on specified dates starting in 1971. Exchange rates are available for more than 170 world currencies.
API methods support retrieval of the latest exchange rate for a specified pair of currencies. Methods also provide a historical rate for a pair of currencies on a specified date or a range of exchange rates in effect between specified start and end dates.
 The Redtail Client Relationship Management (CRM) platform is a product designed expressly with financial professionals in mind. It's web-based service is designed to meet the needs of financial advisors through its subscription service with no software installations required. Redtail's CRM allows view and manage your contacts and their information easily, and with an intuitive interface to interact with email correspondance (archive, note, form reports). Costs start at $65/month for up to 15 users per database and includes disaster recovery, custom exporting options, reminders, mobile apps and more.
Using the Redtail CRM API, you can manage contacts, addresses, notes, accounts, calendars, settings and more. REST based, with returns in JSON, and GET and PUT as supported methods.
 Bitfloor is an online bitcoin trading platform. Users can trade bitcoins and transfer funds to accounts and wire payments.
The Bitfloor API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality and data of Bitfloor with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving market data, managing account information, and creating and managing orders.
 Zeevex is a virtual currency sold on gift cards in retailers across the USA, and designed to be used for online games and other digital content. The Zeevex Game Wallet provides a RESTful interface for merchants to interact directly with purchase requests.
 The Financial Services Authority (FSA) is the financial regulator for the UK. The FSA hosts GABRIEL (GAthering Better Regulatory Information ELectronically), an online system for the collection, validation, and storage of regulatory data. The FSA GABRIEL API enables users to build a connection to the GABRIEL direct submissions gateway. This API uses SOAP-based calls issued in XML format.
 The service provides a hosted platform for configurable, standards-compliant financial accounting functions with capabilities for integration with Salesforce. Configuration options allow designation of custom datatypes suited to specific needs. Context groupings gather financial data related to specific companies or other organizational units.
API methods support standard accounting functions such as defining a chart of accounts and posting accounts payable and accounts receivable transactions. General ledger and journal entries accommodate sales and purchases, invoicing and payment processing, and all related accounting activities.
 ASIROM is a Romanian car insurance company. They provide a SOAP-based API that enables users to retrieve their insurance policies and offers programmatically. This API has little documentation beyond its WSDL endpoint. The ASIROM website is provided solely in Romanian.
propublica-free-the-files didn't extract the description
 IRESS is an international supplier of share market and wealth management systems. They provide an equity information and trading platform along with an extensive suite of financial planning tools. IRESS clients vary and can range from large corporations to independent operators.
The SOAP-based IRESS API provides access to market data, order, and portfolio systems, enabling clients to integrate IRESS with their existing solutions.
 The Grants.gov website provides an online portal where visitors may search and apply for federal grants offered by any federal agency. Grants.gov provides system-to-system interoperability in the form of a SOAP API. It provides an automated method for submitting grant applications and is only recommended for applicants submitting a high volume of applications. The API streamlines the application process by eliminating the need to reenter repetitious data on multiple individual application forms.
 The service provides estimates of energy cost and expenditures related to investments in energy efficiency or renewable energy systems. By calculating probable energy bills with and without those investments, it can help demonstrate cost savings and return on the resources invested. Calculations are based in part on utility services available and rates at a location, as well as electrical load profiles.
API methods support varying procedures for calculating probable electric power bills based on assumptions, including current utility rates, specified in a request. The API gives access to detailed calculations such as hourly load profile, total energy consumption over a period of time, and detailed line items expected in an electric service bill, among others. Methods can adapt and provide estimates based on only partial information.
 OMNIASIG is a Romanian home insurance company that provides online insurance quotes. OMNIASIG insurance can be applied to residences and holiday homes, which may include both houses and apartments. Some structures are excluded from coverage by their component materials. Insurance quotes can be retrieved programmatically using the OMNIASIG SOAP API.
 Landsbankinn offers corporate customers internet banking services along with consultancy services on how to use internet banking to streamline their operations. Landsbankinn's online banking services provide access to all main payment types, as well as extensive access control and maximum security. Users can personalize the appearance of the main page and organize key information to suit their needs.
Landsbankinn provides SOAP-based programmatic access to its services. The website is provided in both Icelandic and English.
 PicoMoney is a currency and economy creation service that allows users to build exchange based systems into games and other web services. The PicoMoney API enables users to create apps that include the currency service. The API uses open standards such as the OpenTransact family of protocols, Oauth 2.0 for authentication, and WebFinger.
 xbrlGlobalLedger is the developer side of FreeAccountingSoftware. The site provides free accounting software to individuals and business along with free support from actual accountants. The API provides applications with the ability to post accounting information and retrieve xbrl data. Additional features include importing schema data, performing admin functions, and generating XML reporting data such as financial reports. The API uses REST calls, returns XML, and requires OAuth for authentication.
 RazorCloud is a vacation property management service that sources content from its property management service to distribute information and increase revenue for both suppliers and distributors. The RazorCloud API includes a wide range of services including: Get real time availability of properties, get rental prices, access image galleries, create reservations, get financial transactions from the host ledger, and many more. The API has both REST and SOAP components and will return XML and JSON.
 The Capital Markets Board of Turkey (CMB) is the regulatory and supervisory authority in charge of the securities markets in Turkey. The Prohibited Investors Service API enables users to retrieve information about investors and companies who are prohibited to perform any operation in the Istanbul Stock Exchange (ISE) or any other organized securities market in Turkey.
The CMB website is provided in both English and Turkish, but the API documentation is only given in Turkish.
 The Capital Markets Board of Turkey (CMB) is the regulatory and supervisory authority in charge of the securities markets in Turkey. The Mutual Funds Portfolio Values API provides basic mutual funds information, including funding amounts, number of shares, number of investors, asset values, asset allocation, and unit price data. Information is provided for all mutual funds portfolios in Turkish markets.
The CMB website is provided in both English and Turkish, but the API documentation is only given in Turkish.
 CIC Credit is a mortgage credit reporting service that also deals with single bureau infiles, dual merger credit reports, trimerge credit reports, as well as many other credit and tax related services. The CIC Credit API pulls and stores credit data from credit data reports like Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion then merges it and delivers it into web applications and software for use in making lending decisions and reporting purposes. The API uses REST calls and will return in HTML, XML, or PDF. Data is secured using SSL.
 The service provides lookup access to a database of employer identification numbers (EINs) and related information for over 16 million suppliers doing business with U.S. companies. It allows for verification of tax reporting accounts for vendors, contractors, and suppliers to allow compliance with payment reporting requirements. Search options allow either individual or batch lookup to retrieve EIN values or verify those supplied by vendors.
API methods support search against a database of tax-paying companies with returned data specifying EIN or Tax ID number, primary industry SIC code, phone and fax numbers, and verified addresses. The API also provides operating information like the year the company started, its employee head-count, and estimates of sales and revenue.
 The service provides rates charged for sales and use taxes by jurisdictions in North America. Available data include tax rates charged and the national and the state or provincial levels, along with applicable county and city rates and portions of shipping and handling balances that are subject to tax.
API methods support submission of a U.S. Zip Code or Canadian province abbreviation identifying the location of the transaction, either a physical store or the buyer's location for online sales. For U.S. transactions, returned data include the state abbreviation, county name, and city name matching the submitted Zip Code, as well as the general sales and use tax rates for that specific location and total tax due. For Canadian locations, the API returns the province abbreviation and name along with the overall sales tax rate and components for GST, PST, and HST. For all locations, returned data indicate any tax due on shipping and handling.
 The Israeli Airport Authority (IAA) is a public corporation responsible for managing air-based travel to, from, and within Israel. The IAA provides the Utilities API, which enables users to retrieve currency tables and other currency-related information using SOAP calls. The IAA website is provided in both Hebrew and English.
 InfoValutar provides information on the exchange rates between foreign currencies and the Romanian leu. This information is supplied by the Banca Nationala a Romaniei (trans. National Bank of Romania).
This information is available programmatically using the Curs (trans. Rate) API. This service is accessible using SOAP calls issued in XML format. The InfoValutar website is provided exclusively in Romanian.
 The Muscat Securities Market (MSM) website is the result of the Omani government's efforts to ensure the flow of information and to help maintain market integrity. Its contents include data on live trading, news digests, companies' performances, etc.
MSM also provides the Market Summary Data API, which enables developers to programmatically retrieve a summary of Omani market conditions using SOAP calls. The website and API documentation are both provided in English.
 CreditAPI is an API that allows users to access consumer credit data, retrieving it from Experian, Equifax and Transunion. The API can merge credit data that is obtained from the three credit repositories in order to produce a unified view of a borrowerâ€™s credit record. Users can also process their credit data and the API will generate specific actions that the borrower can take to improve their credit score. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are formatted in XML, TEXT, PDF, HTML and more.
 The service provides estimates of selling prices for homes and other real estate. For a specified property location, it returns a range of values from low to middle to high. It is available as a web form for individual submissions, a series of embeddable widgets, or via web service.
API methods support specification of a location as a U.S. Postal Service Zip Code. The API returns a median value along with most expensive and least expensive values, based on reported real estate transactions in the area.
 Hosca is a website that offers a number of simple games and services. This includes the BankFinder service, which enables users to locate banks within a selected radius of a given zipcode. This service is available directly on the website or via API. The API operates using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 The service provides access to data about stocks and other financial assets as well as the companies that issue them. Available data include real-time price quotes for trades on the Borsa Italiana as well as leading international stock exchanges. Data also cover regulatory filings by companies that issue securities and other events such as initial public offerings (IPOs), dividend payments, and shareholder meetings.
API methods support retrieval of price quotes and trading for stocks, bonds, and other financial instruments issued by Italian companies from markets in Italy and elsewhere. Methods also support access to informational filings and event notifications related to security ownership.
 The service provides exchange rates for many currencies worldwide, allowing applications to convert amounts for transactions and to assess risk of changes in exchange rates over time. It is available as a widget to be embedded in HTML pages or as a web service with SOAP API.
API methods support retrieval of a foreign exchange rate for any pair of currencies by multiplying a "currency factor" by one currency value to determine the other value. Methods also support listing of datasets providing currency factors, providers of datasets, and timestamps of the datasets, which allows evaluation of data reliability.
 The service from the New York Federal Reserve Bank provides historical data for foreign exchange transactions and exchange rates. The list of data available covers many of the world's currencies, with both spot and buying prices quoted at different times of day. The authoritative provider makes the data available for ingestion to automated processes that must compare currencies to calculate prices for cross-border transactions, in addition to historical research uses.
API methods support retrieval of regularly updated data formatted in compliance with the emerging Statistical Data and Metadata Exchange (SDMX) standard. URL-based access delivers data for specific currencies, with both 10 a.m. and noon quotes available for many frequently traded currencies.
 Tuhunga is an automated data collection, analyzing, visualization, and sharing service. The service allows users to identify the online data or stored data that they they want to track or include and have it continually update in real-time. Tuhunga can also integrate with third-party data providers. The Tuhunga API is available with a Power level membership and requires and API key for access. The API uses SSL for authentication.
 CMDI is a provider of web-based fundraising and compliance solutions for political organizations, non-profits, and corporations. CDMI offers software that can be used for donor relationship management, donation processing, and federal and state campaign compliance. The CMDI API can be tied into a web form and sued for credit card processing. The API allows users to customize the look and functionality of the web form. Public documentation is not available.
 EnvoyRelate is a service that lets users track their donations in realtime and review analytics on this data. EnvoyRelate provides in depth statistics that help users understand the total value of donations, see their average donation value and the number of donations over time. Users can work with interactive charts and graphs in realtime to see what methods are working. Custom alerts can be set up that are triggered by various events. EnvoyRelate provides an API to allow users to input transactions from their web services. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 The Avasaram RESTful Web Services API helps applications and websites to communicate with Avasaram platform. The platform provides financial services to help option traders find opportunities in different markets. The services provide via API are the Screener Service, Custom Screener Service, Option Calculator Service, Vertical Spread Calculator Service, and the Analyzer Service. Developers can integrate the API into their applications to take advantage of the services available on the platform.
 The service provides data feeds with real-time quotes for foreign exchange and currency exchange rates along with ability to complete trades. It serves the needs of professional market participants to track closely movements in exchange rates between different currencies, with abilities to respond quickly by initiating trades to profit from differences or hedge risk.
API methods support access to exchange rate quotes in FIX4.4 protocol. Methods also support creating orders for trades, along with ability to update and cancel existing orders. The API also allows for automated notifications of selected trading activities.
 The service provides budget data for the government of Moldova extracted from the Open Data portal of machine-readable government operating data. Data come from the Moldovan Ministry of Finance in partnership with the World Bank. The dataset excludes personal information about people as well as trade secrets of companies and state secrets of the government. The portal's goal is improved transparency government actions for citizens and other stakeholders.
API methods support listings of expenditure items and their categories along with units of government or local and regional authorities that incur the expenses. The API returns machine-readable data structured according to those divisions to report actual government expenditures.
 Feedoo - also known as "Feidu" or "Stagecoach" - is a Chinese website for international investment resources. It was created to provide professional consultancy services and foreign exchange information to people embarking on international trade ventures.
Stagecoach offers a messaging/SMS service to keep site members up-to-date on important financial information such as exchange rates, stock market prices, and gold market trends. This service is available programmatically as the Feedoo Note API, which uses SOAP calls issued in XML format.
The website and API documentation are provided solely in Chinese.
 The Bank of Guatemala (Banco de Guatemala) provides an exchange rate service for its national currency, the Guatemalan quetzal. This service, the Tipo Cambio API, is available using SOAP-based calls issued in XML format. The service returns the exchange rate between the quetzal and the selected currency, either for the present day or over a given time period.
Although several parts of the Bank of Guatemala website have English translations available, most of the website and all of the API documentation are provided only in Spanish.
 Money science is a social network for quantitative finance and financial technology. Money Science studio environments allow users to add specially constructed content to the site using a REST API. Content may be delivered in the form of visualizations, data processing, and data.
bank-of-lithuania-statistics didn't extract the description
 Empirasign acts as an indexible stock ticker for the Asset and Mortgage Backed Security Markets, delivering data and proprietary trading models. The Empirasign REST API returns JSON results, requires an API key, and allows developers to embed Empirasignâ€™s market data into in-house systems.
 Batchex is an online payment solutions provider. They offer sellers, retailers, and other businesses tools for streamlined billing processes. Their payment distribution service allows users to upload payout data and set up billing schedules. Batchex will interpret the data and send payments as checks or electronically. Batchex will also provide reports on payment statuses and processing. The Batchex API exposes uploading functionality that allows users to load up payout reports and data.
 Fidesic is an online payment service built to work with Microsoft Dynamics GP and other accounting applications. It automates the delivery of invoices or statements as well as customer payments via email, fax, or US Mail. Fidesic also automates the receipt of Automated Clearing House (ACH) and credit card payments online using a customized internet payment gateway. Fidesic's services can be integrated with other software and services using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 The Banco Central de Costa Rica (BCCR) provides the Indicadores Economicos API as a programmatic method for retrieving economic indicators for Costa Rica. Key indicators covered by this service include the National Accounts (quarterly GDP), the Monthly Economic Activity Index (MIEA), the Consumer Price Index (CPI), various interest rates, and more. This information can be retrieved using SOAP calls issued in XML format.
The BCCR website and the API documentation are provided exclusively in Spanish.
 Cloanto's Currency Server is an exchange rate information and currency conversion service. Users can employ it to convert between currencies, to retrieve the currency for a given country, to discover whether a currency is active, to find the smallest unit of a given currency, to find out when the exchange rate of a currency was last modified, and more. The Cloanto Currency Server API employs SOAP calls issued in XML format.
 Thomson Reuters is a leading provider of information for use by businesses and professionals. Information is gathered for financial, legal, tax and accounting, healthcare, science and media markets
Thomson Reuters DataScope Select is a platform for delivering non-streaming financial content. The platform provides linked data for all content including Reference Data, Corporate Actions, Legal Entity Data, end-of-day/intra-day pricing and Evaluation Pricing Services. The XML API provides access to the full data model and can be used as a data source for third party applications.
 AidData is an initiative that aims to make aid information more transparent and improve the quality of research on aid allocation and aid effectiveness. AidData offers a searchable database of aid activities around the world with nearly one million entries.
The USD-2009 Deflator queries AidData's GDP deflator database. It lets users take financial data from many countries, currencies and time periods, and convert financial values to a constant currency. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 The MasterCard rePower API provides consumers with a convenient way to add funds to their eligible MasterCard®, Maestro®, or non-branded payment account (e.g. Debit, Prepaid) at thousands of participating retailers. The rePower network offers a way for issuers to extend cash load capabilities for their card programs, use existing MasterCard processing and transaction codes to make participation easier, and supports standard next-day settlement of funds. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 Estimize is an online platform for financial estimates. Financial institutions, investors, independent analysts, and brokers can share their financial estimates online for the Estimize community to see.
The Estimize API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Estimize with other applications. Public documentation is not available; interested developers should sign up here: https://www.estimize.com/access/quant
 OKPAY is a payment service designed for use by online businesses, including merchants, financial institutions, online games, software providers, payout projects, and freelancers. It can be used to make all kinds of payments as well as to send or receive money. International bank transfers and online currency exchanges are supported, along with ten different e-currencies.
OKPAY provides SOAP APIs that enable developers to build custom applications, tools, and services that integrate OKPAY's functions. Typical applications may include searching for transactions, paying en masse, and making refunds.
 The service provides online reporting tools for compliance with the U.S. FFATA Subaward Reporting System (FSRS). Federal law requires that awardees who win procurement bids and contract directly with the federal government must disclose subcontractors who will contribute to fulfillment. Federal grant recipients are subject to the same requirement. The service enables reporting of such subawards.
API methods support submitting a compliance report, naming the master contract and awardee and providing full information about each subaward contractor including name, principle place of business, effective time period, payments awarded, and top-executive compensation.
 IFR Markets is a source of real-time financial markets commentary, analysis, data, and forecasting. It employs over 70 analysts worldwide who are experienced market professionals themselves. IFR Markets provides access real-time rates, credit, and forex information 24 hours a day.
IFR Markets features a REST API that makes its information resources available to developers for integration into their applications or services.
israel-ministry-of-finance-taarif didn't extract the description
 The service provides data for transaction and price quotes from major financial and securities markets with emphasis on serving customers in Nordic markets, especially Scandinavia and northern Europe. It aggregates information from a wide range of securities exchanges worldwide, including NYSE and NASDAQ in the United States, European regional markets, and national markets across Europe. The data is streamed through a number of distribution channels, including an API.
API methods support retrieval of security price quotes in real-time or delayed, with end-of-day summaries of open, close, highest, and lowest price plus transaction volume. Methods also provide access to background information about security issuers, news about actions taken by companies, and historical data for reference needs.
 Playmob is a charitable giving integration platform. It allows developers to create the means for players to give to charities through their apps. Playmob has a network of charities for developers to partner with and direct user traffic to. Developers can integrate payments for in-game objects with donations to charities so that portions of the itemsâ€™ cost goes to a generous cause. The rest of the integration is completely invisible, being worked into the appâ€™s UI, store setup, and player account management system. The Playmob API exposes the entire functionality of the app-to-charity functionality. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-encoded results.
 The Open Exchange Rates API provides easy and fast programmatic access to currency exchange rates for 157 currencies, with advanced features for paying customers (cheaper than every other service!).
Open Exchange Rates was designed to provide a free and reliable place for developers to access exchange rates for use in their own apps and projects.
Exchange rate data is updated hourly, and historical conversion rates are available as far back as 1999.
This API uses RESTful calls in JSON and JSONP, with HTTPS secure connections available.
 BTCMine is a pooled Bitcoin mining server. Pooled mining allows many miners to work together and thereby reduce the variance in their Bitcoin reward over time. This is achieved by fairly distributing the reward from any blocks found by the server according to how much each individual miner has contributed.
The BTCMine API enables users to retrieve information such as the current pool stats, the current balance for a user, and the current statistics for a user. This API employs REST calls in JSON format.
 GAIN Capital is a leading provider of online forex trading. The GAIN Trading platform gives members an environment where they can conduct trading in an anonymous fasion with direct access and trade execution capabilities using streaming prices that provide a transparent view of both price and order book depth. The platform functionality is available via a SOAP API for integration into third party systems.
 PAYMILL’s developer friendly REST API lets you accept credit and debit card payments directly in your website and mobile application. Available across Europe, online businesses are able to accept online payments globally, enabling them to scale internationally from the get-go. The API gives you full control of your checkout so you can deliver a user experience optimised for higher conversions. And with heavy-duty security measures already built-in – you can rest easy knowing your data secured.
Further information at www.paymill.com
 Bilbus is an e-invoicing/financing solution that allows users to monitor what their customers owe as well as set up loan services for managing unexpected monetary gaps. Users can arrange financial service connections from Bilbus matched commercial lenders in the Bilbus Working Capital Hub.
The SOAP based API features returns in XML and allows third party applications access and the ability to manipulate invoice data stored within Bilbus as well as customer information. Calls include: Create/Update customer. Fetch customer (according to filter setting), Create/Update invoice. Fetch invoice (according to filter setting)
 IBAN Complete offers a single solution for IBAN (International Bank Account Number) conversion, validation, and routing BIC (Bank Identifier Code) identification. The IBAN is an international standard for identifying bank accounts across national borders with minimal risk of propagating transcription errors. The latest version of IBAN Complete is designed to enable banks and corporations to comply with European mandates. The IBAN Connect API provides programmatic access to the functions of IBAN Complete via SOAP calls.
 The CDYNE Delayed Stock Quote API allows users to retrieve stock information using a number of SOAP-based calls. Users may retrieve a stock's price, a current stock quote, or a dataset containing information on multiple stocks. For all calls, developers may use a license key of 0 for testing.
 Markit is a pricing and valuation service focused on providing end-of-day services that aggregate valuation information on credit default swaps. The Markit Data APIs give developers access to the data collected by Markit. Currently, there are APIs available for Company Lookup, Stock Quotes, and Timeseries data. The APIs are available in REST and SOAP protocols and will return XML, JSON, or JSONP. Full documentation, code samples, and demos are available on the site's GitHub page.
 The service provides financial management tools across all functions of a financial institution via a software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform. In addition to basic transaction processing, including micropayments, and lending, it allows for customer account creation, updating, and reporting. The service can interact with retailers for point-of-sale (POS) processing and other external services such as credit scoring agencies.
API methods support creating and updating customer accounts with balance monitoring, deposit acceptance, and payment processing. Methods also support financial arrangements such as savings accounts and loans, interaction with automated teller machines (ATMs) and POS systems, and accounting processes via general ledger postings. The API includes full support for currency conversions and other locally relevant practices.
 The service accepts applications for grants from the National Science Foundation (NSF) so local applications can initiate grant applications, allow review and modification, and complete final submission for consideration by the agency. It gives access to lists of grant opportunities as well as functions to submit applications and track status through the decision and funding processes.
API methods support retrieval of an opportunity list and detailed information about selected grant offerings. Methods also handle online submissions, with listings of all submissions for a grant and status inquiries for specific applications.
 SalesKing is an online accounting service that allows users to perform tasks such as creating invoices and automating billing for recurrent charges. It also provides services for managing customers, products, and employees. SalesKing's functions are accessible programmatically using a RESTful API that issues JSON-formatted calls. The website is provided primarily in German.
 Money Toolkit is a finance management app based targeting to UK audiences. It allows users to order their personal finance on Android and Apple mobile devices. Users can set categories for types of spending and monitor their savings with by setting targets. The Money Toolkit API exposes the data aggregation platform functionality. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON-formatted data.
 PayTech is financial transactions platform. Their payment solutions product, EzPay, serves a payment gateway and transaction processing service for Automated Clearinghouse transactions. Merchants can use the EzPay gateway for processing credit card transactions, while businesses can use it to integrate online payment options to their online services. Their API exposes the payment processing functionality and is intended for integrations with other services, such as shopping cart checkouts. It is based on a RESTful protocol.
 Archivme is a finances solutions provider. Its features allow users to manage their personal finances with a single app. Users can scan or import all of their receipts, bills, invoice, and more, into the app. It will then interpret the information and allow users to organize it for easy retrieval and viewing. The Archivme API exposes a host of personal account management functionalities. It is a RESTful API that exposes JSON and XML-formatted data.
 Istanbul Altin Borsasi, known in English as the Istanbul Gold Exchange, plays an important role in developing gold-based investment vehicles and in the international integration of the Turkish gold sector. The Elektronik Borsa Sistemi is an electronic exchange system provided by the Istanbul Altin Borsasi. This system is accessible using SOAP calls in XML format. All documentation is in Turkish.
 RestFul Web Services provides a suite of financial APIs for performing a variety of tasks. This includes retrieving information on stock quotes, currency conversion rates, or the London Gold Fix (the price of gold on the London market). The FedACH Service provides financial institutions with batched payment services that enable an electronic exchange of debit and credit through the Automated Clearing House (ACH) network.
These services are accessible using either SOAP or REST calls in XML format. All calls are directed toward WSDL endpoints, regardless of the protocol used.
 The service supports online fundraising for charities, foundations, churches, schools, and other not-for-profit organizations. It seeks to help maintain and strengthen relationships with supporters so they help to achieve fundraising goals. The company also recognizes accomplishments of not-for-profits in its annual philanthropic awards show, the Classy Awards.
API methods support search against a directory of charity organizations to retrieve location, size, contact information, and funding levels. Methods also provide information about projects and events sponsored by a charity, both past and upcoming. The API provides listings of top fundraisers for an organization and other measures of successful outreach.
 The StrikeIron Foreign Exchange Rates Web Service provides both current (updated every 30-minutes) and historical foreign exchange rates based on the London Close (11:30am EST) for 160 currencies. Rates are quoted either in U.S. dollars per foreign currency unit or in foreign currency units per U.S. dollar
 MavaIQ Currencies is a one-stop shop for self-service, pay-as-you-go, institutional-grade FX market data, available on-demand via a REST API (XML and JSON).
MavaIQ Currencies delivers foreign exchange (FX) rate market data, enriched to include aggregate, return, risk, risk-adjusted return, momentum and technical/trading indicator metrics.
MavaIQ Currencies' FX market data feed can be easily integrated into any client code that supports REST API consumption, such as C#, ASP.NET, Java, Perl and PHP.
MavaIQ Currencies delivers: referential data on currencies and countries; currency conversion; daily historical foreign exchange (FX) rates; returns & percentage returns; simple moving averages (SMAs); highs; lows; risk (standard deviations of rates and returns); Sharpe and Sortino Ratios.
MavaIQ Currencies currently has enriched FX market data metrics for the following date ranges: 1 Day, 5 Days, 10 Days, 20 Days, 30 Days, 40 Days, 50 Days, 90 Days, 100 Days, 200 Days, 52 Weeks, Week-to-Date (WTD), Month-to-Date (MTD), Quarter-to-Date (QTD) & Year-to-Date (YTD).
 The service provides sales tax calculations as part of the process of completing orders and collecting payment. It is intended to automate compliance with tax-collection requirements and reduce risk of penalties for non-payment. The service validates customer address and verifies taxing jurisdiction, then calculates applicable tax rates with consideration of product type and taxability, rate tiers, tax holidays and exemptions, etc.
API methods support submission of an order for automated tax calculation, with item code and tax code, customer address, and other relevant details. Methods verify the submitted address and determine the local tax authority, then apply decision rules for that jurisdiction to provide an accurate amount due as sales tax for the order.
 Get Exchange Rates provides free exchange rates for nearly every currency in the world. The API lets developers access exchange rate information, both current and historical and integrate it into their systems. Rates for all currencies are updated every two minutes. The simple API uses a RESTful call and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Bitcoin is an experimental new digital currency that enables instant payments to anyone anywhere in the world, using peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority. BTCtoX calculates the exchange rate between bitcoin and other currencies. It can do so via either web console or REST-based API.
 Coinapult is a service for sending bitcoins to designated recipients via SMS or e-mail. Bitcoins are an experimental new digital currency that enable instant payments, using peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority. Coinapult's services can be accessed on their website via web console or programmatically via HTTP POST calls. However, unlike payloads initiated on the website, Coinapult API calls carry a 1% fee.
 SNTMNT is a company that provides sentiment analysis of Twitter feeds to give investors and traders advice on the best performing stocks. SNTMNT offers a suite of three APIs.
The Trading Indicator API gives traders hourly and/or daily buy & sell signals for all S&P 500 stocks based on analysis of Twitter feeds. Each signal is accompanied by a confidence interval.
The Financial Sentiment API is able to understand the financially themed language used about financial markets. It uses an algorithm specifically trained and optimized for investor sentiment and jargon.
The Brand Sentiment API can classify sentiment in social media messages surrounding brands.
Interested developers can contact the provider for more information.
 ABN AMRO Markets is a stock market information website provided by ABN AMRO Bank N.V., a Dutch state-owned bank. The ABN AMRO Markets API provides users with programmatic access to stock quotes. It also provides access to additional stock information such as ISIN, asset class, product type, reference currency, and more. The website is provided entirely in Dutch.
 Balanced is an integrated payments solution for online marketplaces. With the Balanced API, users can integrate a payments experience such as in Amazon for their own marketplace. Balanced allows users to bypass dealing with banking systems, compliance, fraud, and security. Additional functionality includes allowing users to hold funds up to seven days before transferring them to a marketplace and tokenizing cards and bank accounts on the client and associating the card securely with the user's Balanced account. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 EZX's products and services provide Traders with robust yet easy to implement solutions that enable them to trade quickly and efficiently.
EZX supports trading directly from your own Algorithm / Strategy Engine, proprietary trading screens, Excel spreadsheets, or our EZOMS application.
The iServer API integrates easily with your Strategy/Algo engine, custom trading screen, or Excel spreadsheet so that you can get your strategies live quickly and lower your operating costs. The iServer performs FIX version normalization, state management, FIX destination routing, and supports FIX versions 4.0 thru 5.0, including custom tags and FIX variants. EZX supports tool kits in Java, .NET, COM, and RTD for Excel spreadsheets so the API can be used in a variety of software development environments.
EZXâ€™s RTD plugin for Excel gives you the ability to FIX enable your spreadsheets so you can automate your strategy right from your desktop. With EZX RTD, you can make your Excel Spreadsheet an Execution Management System without the hassle and cost of a large system implementation.
 The MB Trading Allos API provides users access to financial stock quotes. Operating as a subsidiary if Allos Investing, MB Trading is an online financial trading platform catering to a variety of financial markets. The service provides quotes only, and can return information for a single ticker, the entire market, and everything in between, historical data is currently underdevelopment. The API sources data from NASDAQ Market, New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), American Stock Exchange (AMEX), Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX), INET / ARCA ECN books, CBOE Options quotes, CME Futures Quotes, CBOT Futures quotes and Foreign Currencies.
 The SixFinancial API gives users access to the market data and pricing services offered by SixFinancial. API integration provides access to price quotes, reference data, corporate actions, sector codes, ratings, business news, and term sheets. The API is available in both XML and Java formats.
 The Stock Quotes API, provided by magicspatula.com, gives users call and real-time stream options for getting relevant stock quotes. The service is free and the site provides example Javascript code for including this service on your website.
 Vicurex is an exchange platform for bitcoins and other cryptocoins, such as devcoins, namecoins, and more. Vicurex hosts an exchange rate platform for USD and Euro comparisons with the cryptocoin currencies. Users can exchange USD and Euros for the cryptocoins or cryptocoins. Vircurex provides APIs for executing transactions and retrieving information about them. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON and XML-formatted data.
 BancBox is a financial solutions service. BancBox allows users to collect, manage, store, and send money and payments. BancBox can be integrated into applications for in-app payments.
The BancBox API allows developers to integrate the functionality of BancBox with other applications. Some example API methods include managing client information, managing payments, scheduling payments, and retrieving account activity.
 EODData is a provider of quality market data including stock quotes and historical charting data. Users can download up to 20 years worth of data, across a wide range of markets. Daily updates contain end of day quotes and intraday 1-minute bars. Platinum level partners can use the API which gives access to site data. This data includes exchange lists, symbol lists, historical data, splits, and more. In addition, the API lets developers create new users, setup usernames/passwords and give them access to specific exchanges. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 LMAX Exchange is a trading and automated trading platform. The LMAX Exchange Trading API gives users direct market access for all LMAX instruments, fast trade execution(90% of trades are executed in less than 10ms), secure trading,a technical support team, risk-free demo environment, and access to up to 20 levels of current and historical market depth. LMAX Exchange provides Java and .NET client libraries and the FIX library is available on request.
 The SortMyBooks API allows users to either access and use their SortMyBooks account, or integrate the service into their other applications. The API comes in both a SOAP and JSON protocol, and returns in JSON or HTML. The documentation includes a PHP application that demonstrates the API integration, full documentation is available with log in.
 The Whale Wisdom API allows users to streamline and automate data retrieval from the Whale Wisdom website. The service uses the REST protocol and can return data in several formats. The API allows users to retrieve, compare, and analyse the 13F filings of major funds. The API requires users to create an account on the website which can be used to generate API keys to authenticate any calls.
 The Just2Trade API allows clients of Just2Trade to integrate their own trading interface with Just2Trade's online order entry system. This remote capacity provides the same functionality as the web based service but allows users to customize the other aspects of their system i.e. market feeds, stock quote services. The API uses the FIX protocol and returns JSON. Only clients with a fully funded Just2Trade account have access to the API.
 EasyWallet is a bitcoin storage system. Users create virtual wallets to save their bitcoins. The virtual wallet is accessible at a secret URL, and protected by a username and password combination. The wallets only exist temporarily: if they are not retrieved or visited at their URL within a month of its creation, the funds will return to the original user. The EasyWallet API is RESTful and allows users to create new wallets, initiate payments, and view balances. It returns JSON-encoded data.
 BitInstant is a rapid bitcoin transferring service. Users can use the BitInstant system for numerous financial transactions such as transfers, deposits, and withdrawals. BitInstantâ€™s rate of transaction operates almost instantaneously, depending on the bitcoin marketâ€™s current pace. They model their transactional system to dynamically reflect the real time market conditions. Their RESTful API exposes data retrieval and transactional functionality, and returns JSON-encoded data.
 BoxBilling is a payment management system for services and products like software licenses, web hosting, and downloadable products. It allows merchants to manage clients and their payment schedules. Merchants can monitor and automate invoicing from an administrators dashboard and set up multiple payment gateways. BoxBilling offers APIs for Guest-based services, Clients, and Admins. They are all RESTful APIs that return JSON-formatted data.
 The Nigerian Stock Exchange API is an easy and accurate way to implement NIgerian stock data on your web page. The API allows for a number of feeds: Top Ten Trades, Top Ten Losers, Top Ten Gainers, No Change, as well as a few more options. The site also offers a Newsfeed Marquee Widget.
 Pin is an Australian payment system. They provide a simple API for transacting credit card payments. Users can retrieve patron information such as card number, expiry dates, addresses and more, by their email addresses. Pin also provides a web interface and a dashboard for visualizing and managing transactions. Pin is a REST-based API that returns JSON-formatted data.
 This API provides value added tax (VAT) numbers for European companies. It is based on a system provided by the European Commission called the VAT Information Exchange System (VIES). VIES as provided by the European Commission is a SOAP interface. This API, however, was designed by Nephics AB to retrieve the same data in a RESTful protocol and return JSON-formatted results.
 The service provides access to public records from the U.S. Office of Financial Asset Control to support compliance with currency transfer regulations. It allows review of reports on asset transfers in amounts that trigger OFAC reporting requirements intended to disclose and prevent money laundering activities.
API methods support search and retrieval of records by name and individual identifier. Searches may optionally specify an address to filter out similar names.
 The service aggregates data from a number of real estate transfer services (RETS) feeds documenting sales of property, with application-level access to summarize market activity. It provides a single source for real estate sales tracked by the Multiple Listing Service (MLS).
API methods support search for properties tracked within the RETS system or for a single property by ID. Search also can cover a specific city, country, or area, with additional specifications for property styles and features.
 The service provides tools for managing balances of bitcoin virtual currency. It summarizes activity within the bitcoin network and provides statistics to guide an application's involvement in group effort to generate bitcoin, with the resulting balance shared among participants.
API methods support summaries of statistics for worldwide bitcoin activity. Methods also provide statistics on the hash rate generated by network activity, the number of workers active in the network, the number of users, and the rounds of activity completed.
 Interactive Data is a provider of financial market data, analytics and other solutions to financial institutions and individual investors. They supply real-time market data, time-sensitive pricing, evaluations and reference data. The API allows developers to access this data to create monitoring, analysis or trading applications. Full documentation is not publicly available.
university-of-washington-hr-payroll didn't extract the description
university-of-washington-financial didn't extract the description
 Donor Tools is a non-profit software for managing and tracking donors using a variety of tracking, reporting and communication features. The API offers the user complete access to same data and features that the web interface provides. This allows developers to create their own custom applications or simply access their Donor Tools data from anywhere.
 StructuredRetailProducts is a database that provides information and data on companies, market trends, sales, revenue, and market news and analysis.
The StructuredRetailProducts API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of StructuredRetailProducts with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include searching and querying the data, retrieving information given certain parameters, and managing account information.
 UN COMTRADE is the name for the United Nations Commodity Trade Statistics Database. The database contains annual international trade statistics from over 170 countries, detailed by commodities and partner countries. Currently the database contains over 3.1 billion data records starting from 1962. The API allows users to query the database filtering on parameters including Commodity Classification, Reporter, Year, Commodity Code, Partner Country and Trade Flow. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and SDMX.
 The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis is one of 12 regional Reserve banks in the Fed System. The Research Division of the bank looks to promote quality economic research and contribute to economic policy discussions. In support of this goal, it has created APIs that let developers access the data stored on its web site.
The FRED API lets users query the Federal Reserve Economic Data (FRED) and Archival Federal Reserve Economic Data (ALFRED) databases to retrieve specific data. The requested data can be customized according to data source, release, category, series, and other preferences. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 WorkingPoint is a small business software solutions package. It provides a bundle of tools for accounting, invoicing, and tax and financial reporting. These tools are all accessible on business dashboard. The API exposes the invoice, bill, item, and contact functionalities. It is a RESTful API that returns JSON responses.
 Avalara offers cloud based sales tax management services. With services such as AvaTax, users can manage their sales taxes, exemption certificates, and filing compliance.
The AvaTax API exposes the functionality of the AvaTax service. With it users can get applicable tax details for the given geographic coordinates and sale amount, calculate the tax for one or more invoiced items, validate the supplied address and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted XML and JSON.
 GiftRocket is gift card money transferring service. First, users buy their friends a gift card online and then GiftRocket sends the recipients money to redeem the present, by check, PayPal, or bank transfer. The API provides users access to gift card purchasing functionality. It is a RESTful API that responds in JSON. Access and an API key are granted by request.
 The service provides a suite of financial analytics and planning functions, including annual budgeting, forecasting, variance analysis, and consideration of what-if scenarios. It integrates with with many familiar general ledger (GL) systems, as well as customer relationship management (CRM), and human resource (HR) planning systems. It can meet analytical needs of many enterprise resource planning (ERP) functions.
API methods support importing data from integrated systems to perform analysis, then processing by spreadsheet-like row and column structures. Methods export results of data analysis back to integrated systems in similar formats.
 The service from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) encourages voluntary compliance with its SERFF program (System for Electronic Rate and Form Filing). It presents a single, consistent way for insurers to comply with reporting requirements of NAIC-member state governments. It facilitates automated filing of insurance provider rate and form documentation, triggering regulatory review and approval.
API methods support periodic filing of required insurance rate documentation and other required forms. Methods also support submission, response, and tracking of correspondence between providers and regulatory agencies along with updating previous submissions and managing file attachments as part of submissions.
 The service enables users to develop a well-documented rate plan reflecting risk levels posed by prospective customers. Quote requests can then be made via the Insured Rating API which return coverage and premium information. The data generated helps to manage insurance product offerings and provide accurate rate quotes matched to determinants of risk.
API methods support input of prospective customer data and return risk ratings compliant with the industry ACORD standard. Methods can be adapted to an applications existing XML schema if needed. Users can utilize Insured Rating's SOAP or REST endpoints.
 The service converts money amounts between different national currencies based on current exchange rates, updated every 20 minutes based on foreign exchange market transactions. Applications can use the service to display prices in multiple currencies and to book transactions at the right prices, as determined by international exchange rates. Users see accurate prices in the currencies they use, allowing easy comparison of purchasing options.
API methods support submission of an input value, specifying the currency in which it is denominated and the currency of the desired output value. The service converts the input value based on the current exchange rate between the two currencies and returns the correct output value.
 HostBill is a payment and invoice management service. Their services include automated billing, payment management, and client data tracking. The API provides registered users with access to their client, invoice, and services data in real-time through an HTML protocol. They also provide a free PHP HB wrapper that simplifies calls and stores usersâ€™ API authentication details. The API is only available to users with installed HostBill accounts.
 The MasterCard MoneySend program provides a host of money transfer functions. Users issue money from an originating institution, through a receiving institution, to a recipient. The API provides code for transaction management and interoperable account mapping functions. MoneySend is still in BETA and its services are still undergoing changes. The API uses RESTful calls and provides XML responses. Developers must register for access.
 Member Alert to Control High-risk Merchants (MATCH) is Mastercardâ€™s offering to acquirers for vetting merchants prior to entering into contracts with them. Users must inquire with Mastercard for MATCH certification. The API provides real-time and automated access to the MATCH database which contains information about terminated merchants that users are required to keep updated. The API uses RESTful calls and provides responses in XML.
 The service implements a search against records of the U.S. Office of Foreign Asset Compliance (OFAC) to verify customer compliance with regulations on international transfers of currency and other financial assets. Applications can integrate this essential check into financial transaction processing to guard against accidental complicity in prohibited transactions.
API methods support submission of properly formatted name and address queries to the U.S. government database. Returned data include customer listing and status in OFAC records, allowing applications to catch and prevent processing of risky transactions.
 Pay It Square is a service that lets users utilize their PayPal accounts to collect money from groups. The service allows organizers to create a web page that describes what they are trying to collect for, the amount needed from each group member and a list of people that still owe money. In addition to PayPal, people can pay using their bank account or credit card. The Pay It Square API lets developers access the service's functionality needed for organizing and managing a collection page. Functionality includes standard CRUD operations on collection pages, payment options, organizers, questions, currencies and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 The Royal Canadian Mint has created MintChip, a digital currency that can be used online, on mobiles, and on other devices as real currency with real value. MintChip also works offline at physical point-of-sales.
The MintChip API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of hosted MintChip with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving chip information, retrieving chip log entries, and retrieving the value of the chip.
 AXA Banque is a French bank that offers its customers banking services, such as checking and saving accounts.
The AXA Banque API allows developers to access and integrate the data from AXA Banque with other applications and to create new applications. Some example API methods include retrieving customer information, retrieving account information, and returning transaction details.
 Invoicefu is an online invoicing service. The service is best suited for users who need simple invoices. It is web based and can be accessed via any computer or device with an internet connection. The API lets users access accounts, clients and invoices and perform standard CRUD operations on them. Developers can use the API to integrate Invoicefu with thier own applications. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 This API offers real time stock quotes and market data for U.S. equities traded on BATS Exchanges. In addition to stock quotes (bid/ask), the API also provides tick market data and other market statistics including,open, high, low, close, volume data for stocks, depository receipts and exchange traded funds (ETF) trading on BATS.
 This API offers terms and conditions reference data for US bonds including corporate bonds, government bonds and Treasury bonds. The API provides issue identifiers, bond issue details and terms and conditions for more than 200,000 active bond issues. Contact sales@xignite.com for subscription information.
 The Bonds service provides price data for more than 200,000 U.S. corporate and agency bonds. Developers can power their applications with up-to-date U.S. corporate and agency bond price information. Bond Price and Yield Data includes all the details such as Last Trade, Daily and Yearly Open/High/Low, Volume, Accrued Interest, Yield to Maturity, Convexity to Maturity. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 This API offers real-time traded prices for U.S. corporate bonds and U.S. agency debt bonds.
 The Corporate Actions service provides current and historic corporate actions data for securities traded on global exchanges. The data that can be accessed includes Mergers & Acquisitions activities, dividend distributions, stock splits, master record changes, and more. This data can be integrated with third party applications. The API uses REST and SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 This API provides forward-looking earnings and events calendar data for trading and risk. Highly accurate and timely data on 5,000 companies traded on U.S. and Canadian exchanges. Data includes upcoming dates and timing for earnings announcements, conference calls/webcasts, and shareholder/board meetings.
 This API offers reference data for Asian and European corporate bonds. The API provides issue details for more than 350,000 active global corporate bonds from more than 170 countries.
 This API offers real-time options quotes for U.S. listed equity options. In addition to option quotes (bid/ask), the API also provides option chain lookups, open, high, low, close, volume, moneyness, open interest, contract size and underlying asset information.
 This API provides stock fundamental data for active companies in more than 40 global markets. The service delivers more than 10 current fundamental data points per company. This stock fundamental data API is ideal for stock market data research, stock analysis, creating historical stock charts, recommendation engines, and finance and investment websites and mobile apps.
 This API offers real-time quotes for equities trading for U.S. and international exchanges. In addition to stock quote (bid/ask) data, the API also provides intraday tick data, volume and time weighted average prices and other market statistics including open, high, low, close, and other data for active equities, depository receipts and ETFs.
 CreditAPI is a service that allows approved companies and individuals to access credit reports from the three credit reporting bureaus. CredtAPI also offers credit analyzing tools.
The Credit API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of CreditAPI with other applications. Some example API methods include retrieving credit scores, retrieving credit reports, and accessing credit analysis.
 The service works with a SEGmeter sensor connected to an electrical panel to detect the energy flow. It then compiles readings into summarized information, supported by graphical visualizations. The information inputs enable control of utility use and cost, potentially lowering electrical bills and encouraging conservation.
API methods support collecting and managing streams of energy flow data by source of demand between start and end dates. Methods deliver cost and carbon footprint by day and at a point in time.
 FinancialContent is a provider of stock market data, business news and content syndication services. Financial Content develops content, traffic and revenue opportunities for publishers and advertisers in the financial media industry. The XML Fundamental Data API covers most stocks and includes information needed to display stock quotes including ticker symbol, exchange code, closing price and much more. The data can be accessed via HTTP calls.
 FinancialContent is a provider of stock market data, business news and content syndication services. Financial Content develops content, traffic and revenue opportunities for publishers and advertisers in the financial media industry. The Symbol Map API lets users create mappings of ticker symbol information. Users can request information on symbols in the FinancialContent database and use it to build applications such as AJAX stock quote lookup boxes with auto completion, parsers which scan text for company names, and much more. The API uses HTTP calls and responses are in TAB separated format.
 Bmycharity helps UK charities by providing online sponsorship and donation processing services. This unofficial API exposes the service's data including Donation amount, Gift Aid amount, Charity logo, Charity info, Donations (including messages, names, dates & amounts from users) and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 Virgin Money Giving is a not-for-profit business by Virgin Money. It helps organizations with their online charity fundraising and donation efforts. This unofficial API exposes data such as Donation amount, Gift Aid amount, Charity, Donations (including messages, names, dates & amounts from users) and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON.
 The service provides sales and use tax rates by location within the United States and Canada. A list of taxing jurisdictions with authority in a location may also be generated.
API methods accept submission of a five-digit U.S. ZIP code or an abbreviation specifying a Canadian province, then return current sales and use tax rates. If the submitted ZIP code or province matches multiple city/county combinations, multiple sets of data cover each of the taxing jurisdictions.
 The service supports over-the-counter (OTC) trading in derivative securities from issuers in Europe, Russia, South Korea, and the United States. It allows applications to register trades trades in futures and options, then process and clear the transactions through NYSE Liffe. In addition, trades in the OTC market can be imported to risk management algorithms to assess overall market activity.
API methods allow retrieval of general market data and specific contract information. The API also handles submission and deletion of trades in the OTC market along with processing and clearing of completed trades.
 The service evaluates customs duties and other import taxes applicable to cross-border purchases, either as a standalone service or as a component of total price calculated in a checkout process. It is intended to help fully inform customers about the final cost of purchases to prevent surprises, maintain goodwill, and reduce return rates. It helps sellers to accurately classify products with correct HS codes and prevent penalties or problems from misclassification.
API methods support retrieval of country lists imported from or exported to, along with supported currencies and product categories. The API then provides duty rates by country and product and calculates the duty on a specified transaction.
 Receipt Bank is a web based service that converts physical receipts and invoices into data. The data can be used however clients want and the scanned receipts are stored by Receipt Bank. The API lets developers integrate the service into third party applications. These applications include Dropbox, FreeAgent, FreshBooks, KashFlow & Xero. For the API documentation, developers should email info@receipt-bank.com.
ice-trading-&-technology didn't extract the description
 The established service provides free, unrestricted access to raw data for customers for its financial market information. The same publish/subscribe and request/response interactions available via its proprietary interface can be accessed via API. This functionality gives access to data on current market trades, either real-time or delayed, along with reference data on reference data, historical information, and records of intraday trading.
API methods support selection by security using standard ticker symbols and the provider's own "Open Symbology" across classes of securities. Effective dates and date ranges may also be specified to retrieve historical results. Sources of pricing data are designated.
 First Data Financial Services Transactions is a RESTful web service that provides an API layer into the First Data GFS Processing platform. First Data makes payment transactions secure, fast and easy for merchants, financial institutions and their customers.
 Xsolla is a provider of localized in-game payment solutions specializing in MMO, social, mobile and casual games. The Xsolla platform provides access to over 150 payment options including credit and pre-paid cards, mobile payments, premium SMS, E-wallets, cash and e-cash, payment kiosks and offers. Xsolla also provides statistics such as RPU (Revenue Per User) and ARPPU (Average Revenue Per Paying User) that allow partners to analyze their players' habits and payment options used.
The Xsolla API offers a suite of services for integrating payment services into a game. API functionality includes invoicing, write-offs, payments via cash kiosks, registration and more. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 Splitable is a service that allows users to split the cost of purchasing goods, services, and food. Users can determine the breakdown of costs among the people they are splitting the cost with and send them details about the good, service, etc.
The Splitable API allows developers to access and integrate the functionality of Checkout by Splitable, which enables companies to allow their customers to split the cost of goods and services. Methods include managing details about the goods or services, managing cost information, and sending invoices.
 A value added tax (VAT) identification number is an identifier used in many countries, including the countries of the European Union, for value added tax purposes. The VIES VAT API allows users to verify the validity of a VAT identification number issued by any Member State of the European Union.
 Ireland's Office of the Revenue Commissioners exists to collect taxes and duties and implementing Customs controls. The Customs & Excise API exposes functionality of the Revenue On-Line Service (ROS). The service gives users a secure way to file tax returns, pay tax liabilities and access their tax details online. Functionality exposed by the API includes the ability to file returns online, make payments by laser card, debit instruction or by online banking for Income Tax only, obtain online details of personal/clients revenue accounts, calculate tax liability, conduct business electronically and claim repayments. The API uses SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
on-deck-capital didn't extract the description
 GoToBilling is an online payment processing gateway that supports a wide variety of payment types including credit cards, vendor payments, direct deposits, recurring payments, mobile payments, and business to business payments. GoToBilling was founded with the intent to create a service supporting all varieties of payment needs, all from one central interface.
The GoToBilling SOAP web service's main functions are to create and update customers records and accounts, search for future, pending and past transactions, and process transactions. This SOAP-based web service can be used to integrate any new or existing website or application with the GoToBilling system.
 The service accepts input data for standard financial calculations and provides results in XML format. Calculation services focus on investment decisions and questions posed to investment advisors, but they address many types of transactions, including loan and mortgage payments, home and auto purchases, retirement income, college costs and savings, and others.
API methods provide results of standard calculations for business cash flow, investment returns, savings rates and retirement income, credit decisions, college and education costs, and more.
 fetchflow is an online invoicing and payment service. fetchflow users can create and send online invoices, manage invoices online, and accept online payments from their customers and clients.
The fetchflow API allows developers to integrate fetchflow functionality and data with other applications and creating other applications. Some example API methods include accessing client information, creating and managing invoices, and retrieving estimate information.
 OpenCorporates is a database of corporate data. OpenCorporates offers users the ability to search for information on 60 million corporations from around the world. Users can also search by type of corporation.
The OpenCorporates API allows developers to access and integrate the data and functionality of OpenCorporates with other applications. Some example API methods include searching and retrieving information on corporation by type, jurisdiction, and company ID.
 The International Aid Transparency Initiative (IATI) makes information about aid spending more easily discoverable and usable. The IATI Registry is an online, searchable index on information about aid spending. Datasets include activity files for AIDS Alliance; DFID; European Union; World Bank; activity files for many countries; and more.
The IATI Registry is powered by CKAN, the Comprehensive Knowledge Archive Network and data can be accessed via the CKAN RESTful API.
 Klarna is a online payment service that allows businesses to accept online payments without their customers having to use a credit card. Klarna can also be used by individuals to pay for goods online without using a credit card.
The Klarna API allows developers to integrate Klarna's functionality with other applications. Some example API methods include emailing invoices, crediting invoices, calculating costs, and managing inventories.
 The United Nations Statistical Data and Metadata Exchange offers a repository of data about international trade devoted to encouraging information sharing and trade among UN member countries and business organizations worldwide. The initiative is aimed at improving efficiency of processes for exchanging information to track commerce and support financial decision-making.
Data sets available depending on access rights, but may include
Comtrade data summarizing international transactions by country, industry classification, and year. Also available are data about tariffs and total international trade. Data can also be retrieved directly into a SQL Server database.
 The web service allows third-party applications to process transactions through the Global Gateway payments system. The service supports a range of processing tasks such as purchase, refund, pre-authorization.
Methods support a range of transaction processing scenarios such as zero-payment pre-authorization, balance inquiry, payment via credit card or PayPal, cancel and void transaction, and refund payment. Methods also support payment by gift card.
merchant&#039;s-mirror didn't extract the description
 The TaxCloud API allows you to handle all aspects of tax management including calculating, collecting, and remitting sales tax; assigning tax categories; and handling exemption certificates. The API uses HTTP methods with an API Key for authentication.
TaxCloud is a sales tax management service for online retailers.
 FeeFighters is a comparison shopping website for credit card processing. They use an auction process and comparison engine to help businesses save on their credit card processing fees. Samurai is FeeFighters' payment gateway. The API allows developers to access the functionality of the service via HTTP calls. Functionality includes creating, reading, updating and deleting payment methods as well as processing payments. Responses are formatted in XML.
 Cloudability tracks and manages more than 80 cloud and SaaS providers to give companies the ability to monitor and analyze complete cloud spend across multiple vendors. Cloudability provides companies running cloud services with recommendations on how to increase cloud-use efficiency and actionable insight into unnecessary overages and unused instances.
Cloudability offers an API that lets cloud users access their cloud billing and usage data from providers like AWS, Rackspace and Heroku, and connect that data to other businesses, financial systems or applications. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 The Open Source Exchange Rates API gives developers a way to access the rates that power currency conversion services. The API provides up-to-date, flexible and portable currency conversion data that can be used in any application, framework or language. The API uses JavaScript and responses are formatted in JSON.
 The UK Government Gateway HMRC API lets users retrieve public information relating to tax collections. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. The Government Gateway HMRC ensures the correct tax is paid at the right time, whether this relates to payment of taxes received by the department or entitlement to benefits paid.
 The NVP/SOAP integration method for Invoicing is deprecated, please see the corresponding Invoicing REST API for new integrations. PayPal, the global leader in secure, online payments helps businesses automate their invoices and get paid faster. Using the PayPal Invoicing APIs, businesses can easily automate their invoicing workflow electronically, from creation and delivery to receiving payments, tracking and management of invoices. Use PayPal Invoicing APIs as your all-in-one business invoicing solution to streamline your invoicing and payment needs.
 3Scale enables API owners to integrate API management services into their existing systems. 3scale offers an on-demand infrastructure platform lets businesses capitalize on their Web Services to increase revenues and exploit the full potential of the API technology.
The Billing API complements the Account Management API and allows users to access invoicing information for all users of the API. It opens up access to 3scaleâ€™s billing features to enable users to access invoices, line items and payment information for each of their customers with deep integration into their own internal systems. Users can access all the invoices that it issued to accounts, filter them by month, state or account or view single one of them.
 JunoTrade is an online stock trading site that allows investors to buy stocks online for a low, flat per-trade fee. JunoTrade has an equities and options stock market API which supports order entry and quotes. Functionality of the RESTful API includes RealTime quote for a specific symbol, placing all Equity Order Types, placing all Option order Order Types and retrieving the status of an open order.
 The eSignal suite of products provides global, real-time market data and decision support to individual investors and traders worldwide. With The eSignal products users get access to stock, futures, Forex and options market quotes. The eSignal market datafeed provides real-time, streaming data from North America and more than 125 other global exchanges.
The Market Data API allows users to integrate real-time or delayed data into a variety of financial applications, including front office user applications and back office automated systems. It is suited for applications that require financial market information for trading, analysis, portfolio pricing and other market-critical operations. The Market Data API offers access to all the data managed by the eSignal network. Full documentation is not publicly available.
 Recovery.gov gives transparency to the funds made available by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. The website allows taxpayers to track how and where Recovery funds are spent as well as reporting of potential fraud, waste, and abuse.
The API gives developers access to Recovery data. It uses the REST protocol and returns responses in XML.
 The Exchangery is a commodities trading resource. The Exchangery offers users resources for commodity trading, such as technology, infrastructure, regulatory and clearing relationships, and online platforms so exchanges and commodities have a personalized online presence.
The Exchangery API allows developers to access the functionality and data within the Exchangery. Some example API methods include adding and editing information on trades, products, accounts, and screens.
 BankAccountChecker.com lets users verify, check and validate bank account and sortcode details. The API returns a validation code and a validation description for the UK bank account and sort code provided. It uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in XML and JSON.
 FT Press provides essential insights from the best business books and original writings by leading business thinkers, in a bite-sized electronic format. When developing products, the FT Press engages readers, asks questions, tells stories, and illustrates ideas with insightful examples of people, products, or businesses. The end result is short, meaningful, and actionable content.
The FT Press API allows developers to access the data stored in FT Press publications. Some example API methods include searching for and retrieving books, book categories, and book information and elements.
 The StockTwits API allows you to leverage the user base, social graph and content network that drive the StockTwits community. Your application and your users can access the StockTwits social graph, display curated data streams, integrate watch lists, and easily share messages, links and charts directly from your application. The StockTwits API is perfect for financial applications/websites/apps that want or need a social layer.
 Collective2 allows users to choose from a library of stock exchange trading systems, subscribe to those systems, and then automatically trade those systems in the user's brokerage account.
Collective2 offers a Signal Entry API with which users can place trades and send trading-related instructions. Developers can also write software which pulls trading information out of Collective2 with the Collective2 AutoTrading API (C2ATI). Both APIs use HTTP.
 appFigures is a reporting platform for iPhone developers that automatically downloads and visualizes iTunes Connect sales data with App Store reviews and ranks for all of their apps. Developers can get detailed reports daily by email, view hourly rankings, and get translated reviews. The appFigures API allows for another way to interact with reports and account data. The API is available to all appFigures members, regardless of plan type.
 Marketiva specializes in providing traders with online trading services. Marketiva is an over-the-counter market maker, providing Forex, Indexes, and Commodities trading services.
Marketiva offers an API, called Streamster, which can be used to create applications that interface with Marketiva and Novativa. Applications using the Streamster API can retrieve various data, execute and modify orders on the market, and perform a variety of related actions, like getting quotes and ordering.
 MPP Global Solutions are a provider of eCommerce payment platforms for the media and entertainment industries. The MPP system features can be accessed via a set of APIs. The MPP toolkit provides the following features:
* Subscriptions
* Micropayments (inc Premium SMS/Reverse Bill SMS)
* Credit/Debit Card payments
* Full CRM capability
* eWallet
* Service Credits
* You host/embed functionality
* Inherit FSA License
* Fast-Buy - users only enter PIN or password for any sale
The API uses both REST and SOAP protocol. Full documentation is not publicly available.
 Myfxbook is a tool for Forex traders to analyze their accounts. The service supports over 100 brokers and providers community features for the traders. The Myfxbook API provides access to an individual's account and Myfxbook functionality. Developers can retrieve order history, view open trades and view open orders. The API also provides access to historical data for all the user's accounts and developers can retrieve daily gain data for use in charts or other analysis.
The API is in beta and provides data as XML or JSON.
 TradeHill provides an online tool that allows users to freely buy and sell the decentralized internet commodity known as Bitcoin. The Trading API allows developers to interact their applications directly with TradeHill. The functions available are broken up into two groups: Public Data Functions which do not require users to authenticate, and Trading Functions which require authentication data to be specified along with the request. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in JSON and JSONP.
 Quick File is an online accounting system. The Quick File API is an XML gateway, enabling 3rd Party developers to extend and enhance the Quick File Platform. The API contains all the common methods for building invoices, managing clients, inventory items and credit information. It uses SOAP calls and responses are formatted in XML.
 AidData is an initiative to provide products and services that make development finance data accessible and portable. The core of the program is the AidData web portal, which is a gateway to nearly 1 million records of development finance activities from donors around the world. The AidData API is a javascript library which allows developers to query the AidData database to insert AidData development project information into any web application. Data is returned in JSON format.
 Blesta is a client management, billing, and support service that can be used to automate payments/billing and invoice creation, and work tickets. The Blesta API can be accessed after creating an account with Blesta, and can be integrated with any system.
 Stocklytics provides stock market data of all sorts, from ticker symbol quotes with charts, to news and even Twitter results about the particular stock. The three major US markets are supported: NASDAQ, AMEX and NYSE.
The Intraday Historical Prices API allows users to get a list of the price for a particular stock for the current day (or the latest day of trading if markets are closed) in 5 minute intervals. With this data, users can generate intraday stock graphs, or perform stock analysis in near real-time. Data for this API is updated every 5 minutes. The Stocklytics API makes the Stocklytics data available as a RESTful API with JSON and CSV output.
 Stocklytics provides stock market data of all sorts, from ticker symbol quotes with charts, to news and even Twitter results about the particular stock. The three major US markets are supported: NASDAQ, AMEX and NYSE.
The Historical Prices API can be used to look up the Open, Close, High and Low price, as well as the volume of stock traded for a stock code within a particular date range. The API supports the downloading of the entire historical data set on file for a stock going back to January 1st 1980. The Stocklytics API makes the Stocklytics data available as a RESTful API with JSON and CSV output.
 TradeKing is an online stock and options broker. It offers secure trading API for stock and options trading. The API offers the functionality of the web based service including account management, trading activity including order submission and modification, and access to real-time and delayed market data. The API is publicly available to all TradeKing customers. Full documentation is available at http://developers.tradeking.com.
 Stocklytics provides stock market data of all sorts, from ticker symbol quotes with charts, to news and even Twitter results about the particular stock. The three major US markets are supported: NASDAQ, AMEX and NYSE.
The Company Data API allows users to retrieve company information about a particular stock/ticker code. The data that can be retrieved includes: Company Name, Sector, Industry, Traded Stock Market, Year of IPO. The Stocklytics API makes the Stocklytics data available as a RESTful API with JSON output.
 Cleeng helps publishers monetize their content via subscriptions, advertisements, or direct micro-payments (between 0.15 and 19.99 EU). Plugins are available for popular CMSes and payment gateways. The Cleeng API helps developers intergrate Cleeng into their own CMSes or other software.
The Cleeng API uses a JSON-RPC request, responding with a JSON response.
 Piryx is a platform for online fundraising for non-profits, charities advocacy groups, political campaigns, corporate giving programs, groups, clubs, sports teams and other causes. The social giving API helps connect people with the causes they care about online. Users can then share those causes with friends and family using social media sites, as well as email and other tools.
 E-conomic is a company that makes online accounting software. With e-conomic's API users can integrate other databases with e-conomic allowing the various databases to exchange information and service each other. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 Postcode Anywhere is an "information-as-a-service" provider offering over 250 separate web services covering a broad range of business efficiency tools for address and data capture, validation and cleansing to geo-coding, mapping, and route planning and optimization.
The Payment Validation API lets users conduct Bank and card validation as well as correct payments before they bounce. With the API, users can validate bank accounts, sort codes, credit card number and international bank account number.
The API uses a number of protocols including REST, SOAP and XML-RPC. Responses can be formatted in XML, JSON, CSV, HTML and PDF.
 SnapBill is an automated billing system that allows users to sell their services online. SnapBill is ideal for businesses requiring a subscription or recurring billing system with payment collection facilities. The RESTful API is still in beta and documentation is not complete. It provides users with some of the functionality of the SnapBill service. Responses are formatted in XML, JSON, TXT or HTML.
 Cashboard is a software program that helps you manage time and finances for your business. Key features include time tracking, expenses, invoicing, estimates, and online payments. The Cashboard API allows programmers to integrate Cashboard with other applications and data.
The API is currently in BETA. Documentation is subject to change without notice. During the BETA period, you can only obtain an API Key by contacting support or creating an account via the API.
 billFLO is a cash-flow management tool for small business. billFLO seller API allows Accounting and Invoicing Applications to generate billFLO invoices. Basically, the API accepts XML-formatted data and returns billFLO invoices. The billFLO Invoice is returned in the form of a string in an XML response. The requesting application then provides the billFLO file to the user via email or as a download.
 Greendizer is a simple REST API that allows you to build invoices, messages, budgets and payments inside any application.
Applications invoicers and third party developers can build range from incorporating invoice sending into their workflow, to building dashboards deeply integrated with their billing and CRM systems.
Greendizer comes with a set of powerful HTML5 applications - built with this very same API - and makes it easy for them and their users to instantly access their data.
It relies exclusively on standards and can be plugged to any existing system. The layout and design of invoices is customizable using XSL.
The Greendizer API documentation is available upon request during its beta testing phase.
 Kashoo was previously Clarity Accounting. The Kashoo API allows developers to interact with data stored in Clarity Accounting from their own software. Kashoo is online accounting software for small businesses. The API provides functionality such as getting a list of the user's businesses, get lists of invoices for the business, add new records and more. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML or HTML.
 myAzimia.org offers a Peer2Peer microfinance software solution, including full PayPal integration, loan management, multiple currencies, customer database management, and investor social networking. The myAzimia.org API allows access to the myAzimia.org database in order to display myAzimia.org data on external websites; data in the database cannot be updated/edited with the API.
 The PayPal Adaptive Accounts API allows users to create applications with built-in account management features. Using the API developers can create a PayPal Business account, add a bank account or a credit card as funding sources for PayPal accounts and verify a PayPal account status. The API uses both RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses can be formatted as XML, JSON or NVP.
 Use Mass Payments to send up to 250 payments to different payees in one batch. It's a fast and convenient way to send all kinds of disbursements, including commissions, rebates, rewards, and general payments. The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The Payflow Pro API enables users to develop Web and desktop applications that create, schedule, and run standard (pre-defined) and custom Payflow services reports. Payflow Pro is a flexible payment gateway solution that can be used with any internet merchant account to process credit card transactions online. With the API, developers can choose add-on services like recurring billing and fraud protection, and also set up standard and custom reports. The API uses RESTful and SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML, JSON or NVP.
 Provides information on corporate actions and events reported by US and Canadian publicly traded companies, including a detailed database of issued and declared dividends. The API allows access to detailed data on dividend distributions, stock splits, stock dividends, spin-offs, redemption of stock, rights, tender offers, mergers & acquisitions, bankruptcy filings, and more.
 Provides historical quotes for all US and Canadian stocks, indices, mutual funds, OTC bulletin board issues, and other securities. Prices are fully adjusted for splits, dividends and other corporate actions. Data on both living and dead issues is available. The API also provides access to non-price data such as short interest, shares outstanding, earnings per share and more.
 The eTapestry service helps organizations with online fundraising and donor management. Intended mainly for non-profits, the service is free to small organizations, but charges a monthly fee for a database with more than 500 contacts. The eTapestry API is an interface to access and ammend data in the eTapestry platform.
 The Lyons OFAC web services provide streamlined access to the three most often used watch lists for clients looking to incorporate Office of Foreign Asset Control screening into their own applications. Lyons Commercial Data is a provider of U.S. financial institution data including bank routing numbers and other information critical to transaction processing. The API has simple methods that allow users to submit a name, or country and name, against the following watch lists: Office of Foreign Asset Control Specially Designated Nationals (SDN) list; Bureau of Industry and Security's (BIS) Denied Person's list; Non-SDN list (NS-PLC). The API uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The Yendo Accounts developer API allows registered 3rd party applications to share data with Yendo. Typically it is used to send invoices and/or contacts into Yendo from applications such as CRM, inventory management or payroll. Yendo is online financial accounting software for small businesses. It's functionality allow management of invoicing, purchases, expenses and payments. The API uses RESTful protocol and responses are formatted in XML.
 The Maventa API allows access to Maventa's various e-invoicing services. Maventa is a provider of electronic invoice services based on a software-as-a-service product. The company has over 4,000 customers in 27 countries. The API consists of a set of callable SOAP methods defined in their respective API versions and API end-points. Responses are formatted in XML. To use the API, users need to open a TEST account which acts as a sandbox for developing applications to be used with the Maventa API. Potential application ideas include: * Integrating financial packages (SAP, MS Dynamics / Axapta, QuickBooks, Peachtree) to the Maventa Service. * Custom import tools (SalesForce, QuickBooks, CSV, etc.) * Automatic time-based invoice creation. * Accounting, Revenue analysis, Budgeting, Factoring and Claiming Services. * External integration with online payment gateways
 The CurdBee REST API allows users to integrate the CurdBee software with existing systems to streamline processes. CurdBee is an online billing software for small businesses and freelancers to simplify invoicing needs. It allows users to send professional invoices, estimates online and get paid. The API uses RESTful calls and responses are formatted in either XML or JSON.
 Feed in a news article, blog post or press release, and Poligraft will present you with an enhanced view of the interconnections between the people, organizations and relationships described in the piece.
 Provides scanned annual report documents (e.g. in PDF format) for US and Canadian publicly traded companies, with more than 20 years of historical reports available.
 Provides information on current and prior executives (directors and officers) of publicly traded companies, including compensation history, insider holdings, insider transactions and biography.
 Provides financial information on US and Canadian publicly traded companies, including historical financial statements (balance sheets, cash flow statements, income statements and ratios) going back 20+ years. Additionally, provides information on executives, including current and historical compensation, biography, insider holdings and insider transactions.
 Empire Avenue lets users trade virtual stocks in friends, bloggers or local businesses. The API provides access to most of the features available on the website, such as share information and leaderboards.
 IP Commerce powers Commerce Boarding and Commerce Sync products. These products enable our partners to quickly and easily evaluate the quality of new customers, as well as reconcile payment transactions of all types with back-office accounting packages in an automated fashion, whether they originate from POS, e-commerce or mobile applications.
With over 8 years of experience in the financial services industry, IP Commerce has developed language neutral, open APIs,that enable application developers to integrate to these valuable Commerce Services through SOAP, REST and RESTJSON Web Services implementation options. IP Commerce provides payments integration assistance, sample code, tools and developer documentation, and a 24x7 available developer sandbox to registered partners at no charge.
Visit us at www.ipcommerce.com or call us at 720-377-3700 for more infomration.
 From the website: "View and Modify your data in Simple Sales Tracking, from another website or application. There are a lot of possibilities. Here are a few ideas:
- Synchronize Contacts with another Contact List
- Build your own Custom Reports
- Add Notes, Tasks and Appointments Remotely
- Create a seamless link between your own applications and website with the data, features and capability of your Simple Sales Tracking account."
e*trade didn't extract the description
 Checkfront is a booking service that allows businesses to manage their schedule based inventories, centralize reservations, and process payments online. It can be used to manage accommodation, events, rentals and professional service bookings.
 The Plastyc API allows businesses to enroll people into prepaid cards from their website or phone systems. Plastyc provides payment and money management services to anyone with Internet access through a platform that issues and maintains the UPside Visa prepaid card line of prepaid debit cards. The API allows companies to sign up users for UPside Visa prepaid cards, and then let users check their balances, share money card to card or suspend lost cards from within the companiesï¿½ own websites. The API uses SOAP architecture and responses are formatted in XML.
 Bill.com is designed to help ease the process of bill management and payments. The Bill.com API is design your functionality by building new applications like: Integrate and add new features to your accounting system, Sync information with Bill.com with your accounting package including vendors, accounts, departments, and money movements, Integrate your Accounts Receivable system with Bill.com, and Rebate processing.
 Offerpal Media is the leader in virtual currency monetization for online games, virtual worlds and social networks. The companyï¿½s turnkey payment platform gives consumers the opportunity to earn or buy virtual currency by completing targeted advertising offers or by purchasing it through direct, global payment options.
Offerpal has issued more than 750 billion virtual points to over 150 million consumers across 2,000 publishers and 190 countries since its launch in 2007. The service is embeddable as an I-Frame or XML/JSON feed. No public documentation is available.
 Using the JSON API, publishers with dynamic applications can create highly customized user experiences. Super Rewards provides a virtual currency monetization platform for social publishers and online communities. The Super Rewards platform can be deployed on any major social network, standalone website, mobile application, virtual world, or MMO to provide monetization functionality with less than an hour of deployment effort.
 The Buxter Java API allows Facebook application developers to use the Buxter transaction webservice to monetize their Facebook applications. Buxter is ClickandBuy's Facebook application. With Buxter, Facebook users can transfer money to each other, as well as purchase items in Facebook apps. Using the API, developers can securely create purchase links, query the status of transactions and cancel transactions.
 PrivatBank is the largest commercial bank in Ukraine. It offers a RESTful API that can connect any internet services, kiosks and software to their payment services and databases. SSL is supported and responses are formatted in XML. The site and documentation are in Russian.
 BLZService is a simple German Banking Code lookup service. It uses SOAP protocol and responses are formatted in XML. The is little documentation aside from the WSDL. The main site is in German.
 Zoho Invoice provides an API using which you can integrate your data on Zoho with any of your existing applications such as invoice applications for mobiles, timesheet application, ticketing system. The Zoho Invoice API responds to REST requests in an XML format and is programming language-neutral.
 Clear Books is an online accounting system for small businesses. Clear Books provides an API service to its users, allowing for third party communication to pass information both into and out of the system.
 Less Accounting is a web based accounting application aimed at small businesses. The Less Accounting API allows developer to interface with the software using RESTful calls. All responses are in XML format. SSL is supported and an API key is required for use.
 Saasu.com is an online accounting software system. Saasu's online accounting API uses a RESTful interface to enable connections to web applications, software products, payment services and banks. Responses are in XML format.
 An open source currency project with a REST API. Allows for exchanges of virtual currency between users. Responses can be formatted in either XML or JSON.
 The Statistical Institute of Catalonia produces official statistics in the fields of the economy, demography and society. Idescat exposes some of its data via a collection of REST APIs. Idescat's APIs offer methods for third-party programs to be able to obtain information from the Statistical Institute of Catalonia and integrate it in other services.
The Indicators of the day service provides basic information on a selection of short-term and structural indicators for the Catalan economy. Responses can be returned in XML, JSON and PHP formats.
 Mosaic BankCheck API is an application programming interface that uses a SOAP interface and allows you to use reliable, on-demand UK sort code and bank account information in your enterprise-wide systems, commercial software and web applications.
 Xpenser offers mobile expense tracking and management. The Xpenser API allows users to enter expenses into Xpenser.
 The InvoiceClarity API lets you create invoices, quotations, track time, expenses, and recurring invoices.
 Financial Content is a provider of stock market data, business news and content syndication services. Financial Content develops content, traffic and revenue opportunities for publishers and advertisers in the financial media industry. The Financial Content XML Quote API offers simple delivery of pricing data for up to 50 securities per request. The service is compatible with most content management services.
 The WebEquity Web Services Integration allows for simplified and direct integration between the WebEquity infrastructure and other systems such as core banking systems, CRM solutions, credit reporting applications and loan document systems. WSI's improve the accuracy and security of data such as customer demographics and loan information that is transferred between systems.
 The Invoice Machine API makes it possible for you to send, receive and remove data from your account via HTTP POST calls. There are many situations where this could be useful. Let's say you run an online store and want to send an invoice to your customer each time a purchase is made. This is possible with just a few lines of code using the API.
 With the New York Times Real Estate API, you can get percentiles and counts for real estate listings and sales in New York City. The API offers aggregate data divided into two sets: listings and actual sale prices. You can get the number (”counts”) of listings and sales per ZIP code, neighborhood and borough, for various building types and date ranges. You can also get percentile prices for listings and sales per ZIP code, neighborhood and borough, again for various building types and time periods.
 Shoeboxed lets users scan their receipts so that they have all the data needed for taxes, bookkeeping, and expense reports, and now scanning business cards for easy contact management.
With the API, developers can come up with ways to send documents for data extraction, or send data directly from other sources.
 Provides real-time NASDAQ Last Sale stock prices and trade data for US-listed stocks. Use the API to obtain last sale, open, high, low, and close information. Also you can create completely customized real-time charts of a security's intra-day activity.
 This web service provides company logos for around 70% of companies listed on NASDAQ, NYSE, and AMEX.
 You can use XigniteIndexComponents to get the list of securities and weightings that comprise the stock indices. Also known as index constituents, index composition, or index memberships, index component is the information about the securities that are included in the calculations of an index. Index calculations can be straightforward, i.e. the sum of the price of all the securities in the index or can involve more complex calculations and weightings. Commonly used index calculations are market-value weighted index, such as the NASDAQ Composite (^IXIC), and price-weighted index such as the Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI).
 This web service provides real-time BATS Exchange Last Sale stock prices and trade data for US-listed stocks traded on NASDAQ, NYSE, AMEX and OTC exchanges.
 Iron Money is a personal finance application that helps you keep track of your money across all your accounts. Your accounts on Iron Money contain all of your transactions in real life. You can keep track of your wallet, savings, checking, and credit card accounts in one centralized location.
 Vindicia CashBox lets merchants improve customer retention and maximize profit by enabling rapid implementation of best of breed recurring billing capabilities.
 Zuora is the leader in subscription billing and recurring payments. Our Z-Billing and Z-Payments products make it fast and easy to launch new products, scale operations, and automate recurring billing and subscription payments in one solution.
xignitesecurity didn't extract the description
 This API offers security master data for a wide range of exchange-traded instruments including equities, exchange traded funds (ETFs), depository receipts, derivatives, bonds, money market funds, U.S. mutual funds and other structured products. With a broad coverage spanning more than 200 global markets, this API provides issuer, instrument and security level information for more than 1.5 million active instruments.
 This API offers delayed index values for more than 10,000 U.S. and global market indices, including the popular index families such as Dow Jones, S&P, NASDAQ, NIKKEI and others. Distribution of stock market index data is generally subject to strict licensing by the index family.
 This API provides real-time data for corporate insider transactions filed with the SEC for U.S. public companies. The US SEC requires corporate insiders, meaning a company's officers and directors, and any beneficial owners of more than ten percent of a class of the company's equity securities, file with the SEC a statement of ownership regarding those securities. XigniteInsider provides corporate insider transactions, value of current ownerships, changes in ownerships and detailed transaction history in a company's securities by corporate insiders.
 This API offers holiday schedule and operating hours for securities exchanges around the world. XigniteExchanges provides stock market trading hours and data on exchange holidays, trading days, trading schedules, and settlement rules for over 560 major exchanges and venues in the global financial markets
 The XigniteCompensation API lets you access director and officer compensation of more than 6,000 U.S. companies. You can find salaries, cash compensation, option grants and more.
 This API offers real-time, intraday and historical VWAP (Volume-Weighted Average Price) data for US equities. VWAP is a method of pricing transactions and is used as a benchmark to measure the efficiency of institutional trading or the performance of traders. For examples, it is often used as an indicator for trading performances by pension plans, hedge funds and firms that engage in algorithmic trading. VWAP for a stock is calculated by adding up the dollars traded for every transaction in that stock (price x shares traded) and then dividing by the total shares traded for a specific time period.
 The XigniteHoldings API gives you access to a complete list of institutional holders of a security as of a specific date. You can search by manager, historical holders and more.
 The XigniteReleases API gives you real-time company news, including press releases, industry news, earnings and dividend announcements, mergers and acquisitions, stock analyst coverage and more. Ideas for using this API include investor portals, business intelligence and competitive portals, or CRM applications.
 Use the VirWoX API to exchange virtual currencies (such as Linden Dollars of Second Life) for real money, or to read live market data. Access this Virtual World Exchange and use the VirWoX server for your own app, or build new apps that require automatic access to a virtual currency exchange.
 Use the Hoover's API to create applications using Hoover's database of 60 million companies, 69 million people and First Research Industry information. You can stream reliable, on-demand information into enterprise-wide systems, and commercial software and web applications to provide business insight to employees and customers. Hoover's, a D&B Company, is based in Austin, TX.
 The OANDA FXTrade API allows developers to access OANDA's v20 trading engine. Users can get real-time currency rates for more than 90 currency pairs, monitor the forex market for changes, and access historical currency rates going back over 10 years. The API also allows users to place trades and orders as well as retrieve account activities, balances, trades, and orders.
 This API offers delayed stock quotes for equities trading on more than 50 international exchanges. In addition to stock quote (bid/ask) data, the market data feed also provides intraday tick data, volume and time weighted average prices and other stock market data statistics including open, high, low, close, and other data for more than 150,000 global active equities, depository receipts and ETFs. Contact sales@xignite.com for subscription information.
 Use the Xurrency API to obtain exchange rates. Use the data as an input in your app or let your app's users query the exchange rate. Use the SOAP option, the RSS option, or edit a URL to get currency conversion information.
 The BankVal International API lets you validate IBAN BIC codes, SWIFT BIC codes, and ABA routing numbers. Verify codes against the official SWIFT BIC directory. Validate IBAN numbers against ECBS standards. Validate ABA routing numbers against the most recent Routing Numbers Database.
 The BankVal UK API lets users obtain ISCD bank branch details, perform UK sort code validation, validate account numbers, validate debit cards, and verify credit cards. The API uses both RESTful and SOAP protocols and responses can be formatted in either XML, JSON or CSV. Unified Software is the leading provider of UK and International financial web services.
 This API offers delayed options quotes for U.S. and internationally listed equity options. In addition to option quotes (bid/ask), the API also provides option chain lookups, open, high, low, close, volume, moneyness, open interest, contract size, underlying security information and for options written on over 4,000 underlying stocks.
 This API offers real-time and historical US Treasury and LIBOR-based swap and forward rates. The US Treasury rates data provides real-time treasury prices and yields for various maturities of T-Bills, T-Notes and T-bonds. Swap rates data include rate quotes and yields for OTC LIBOR-based interest rate swaps in many traded currencies as well as swaption data. You can also use API to chart US Treasury rates and swap yield curves for easy viewing and comparisons.
 This API offers real-time and historical interbank offered and deposit rates for most of the world's countries and currencies including the delayed values for the British Bankers Association LIBOR. Xignite collects and curates this data from global central bank and other sources. XigniteInterBanks is the most comprehensive and accurate source of global interbank offered and deposit in the industry.
 This API offers real time prices and quotes for metals including Gold, Silver, Palladium, Platinum and other base metals. In addition to real time precious metals prices, the service provides daily London Fixing prices, gold coin prices, and delayed NYMEX and COMEX Future precious metal prices as well as historical precious metal prices, charts and metal news
 This API provides stock fundamentals data for active U.S. and Canadian listed companies. The service delivers more than 400 current or historical fundamental data points per company. This stock fundamental data API is ideal as a stock research tool, for analysis, recommendation engines, and finance and investment websites and mobile apps.
 This API provides financial reports and data reported by publicly traded U.S. and Canadian companies. The service provides both current and historical annual and quarterly company financials data with a broad coverage of more than three hundred company financial data points. This stock financials data API is ideal for stock research, stock technical analysis, recommendation engines, and finance and investment websites and mobile apps.
 From their site: Our goal is to create the best personal finance application on the web. Money is typically not the topic of discussion for a group of twenty-somethings wanting to have fun with their lives. But that's only because today's finance applications make it difficult and boring.
 This API provides data for analyst recommendations, stock ratings revisions, and analyst sales estimates for U.S. and Canadian listed companies and stocks. Earnings estimates are provided by Zacks Investment Research, the leading investment research firm focusing on equities earnings estimates and stock analysis for the individual investor.
 This API offers fund description and fund performance data for U.S. mutual funds, exchange traded funds (ETF fundamentals) and money market funds. Data provided by this API can be used to power consumer financial and mobile applications and fund recommendation engines, investment advisor portfolio management and performance analytics systems and any application using fund data.
 This API offers delayed commodity futures price quotes from major global commodity exchanges such as CME, NYMEX, COMEX, CBOT, Euronext Liffe and others. In addition to commodity futures price quotes, the API also provides tick-by-tick intraday quotes, spot prices, contract termination schedules, the latest commodity futures market news for contracts written on over 300 underlying assets.
 This API provides earnings estimates, estimate revision trends, earnings per share (EPS) estimates, earnings surprises, earnings reports and earnings growth rate estimates for U.S. and canadian listed companies and stocks. Earnings estimates are provided by Zacks Investment Research, the leading investment research firm focusing on equities earnings estimates and stock analysis for the individual investor.
 This API offers global economic calendars of scheduled treasury and current economic events and announcements. With this API you can easily keep track of scheduled treasury and current economic events and announcements in the U.S. and major industrialized countries such as France, Australia, Japan, Germany, Canada, Italy, and the United Kingdom.
 This API provides filing information available from the U.S. SEC's Edgar database. The lets you query filing information for a company and easily get access to a company's financial information by reviewing registration statements, prospectuses and periodic reports filed on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. XigniteEdgar does not let you access or parse the content of the filings but lets you query filings by type and date. Xignite extracts this data directly and in real-time from the SEC's Edgar database.
 This API offers Net Asset Value (NAV) data for U.S. mutual funds. NAV data is updated on a daily end-of-day basis. Use XigniteFunds to get accurate daily mutual fund prices and mutual fund values for pricing of investment portfolios and for research and analysis of mutual fund performances.
 Forex rates API providing real-time and historical quotes for currency exchange rates (FX). The API supports more than 170 currencies and over 29,000 currencies pairs. Contact sales@xignite.com for subscription information.
 This API offers current and historical benchmark interest rates from global financial markets in the U.S., Europe, Canada and Asia. schedules. XigniteRates provides interest rates data for over 600 treasury, money market and private capital market instruments or benchmarks. Key interest rates include LIBOR rates, U.S. H.15 rates, state rates, and Canadian treasury rates.
 From their siteAmazon DevPay instruments two Amazon Web Services to enable a new sort of Software as a Service. Amazon DevPay supports applications built on Amazon S3 or Amazon EC2 by allowing you to resell applications built on top of one of these services. Amazon DevPay License Service API allows you to programmatically query a customer's current subscription status.
 From their site: Convio is an Internet software and services company that provides online Constituent Relationship Management (eCRM) solutions for nonprofit organizations. As a trusted Internet partner for more than 1,200 organizations. The Constituent Management API is a REST-based API allowing method invocation over the Internet using HTTP POST requests. The API communicates directly with the Convio Constituent360 database.
 This API offers real-time quotes for equities trading for U.S. and international exchanges. In addition to stock quote (bid/ask) data, the API also provides intraday tick data, volume and time weighted average prices and other market statistics including open, high, low, close, and other data for active equities, depository receipts and ETFs.
 KashFlow is a full featured, web-based bookkeeping application. The main address for the site is www.kashflow.co.uk. The Web Service (API) allows external programs to query, modify and enter data into an existing KashFlow account.
 From their site: moneytrackin‘ is a free online webapp that allows you to track all your expenses and incomes easily and without effort, thus allowing you to have a clear view of your financial situation. It intends to be a simple yet powerful online budget management tool.
 Improve time and cost efficiency by automating sales and use tax calculations. StrikeIronâ€™s three sales tax solutions are delivered through our reliable, scalable cloud platform IronCloud. Since we operate in the cloud, any sales tax solution can easily be integrated with your website, web forms, or e-commerce shopping cart.
These solutions automate tax based on the delivery address and product/service category. Each solution is updated on a monthly basis to have the most up-to-date tax rules. Results are not only extremely accurate, but they are obtained in real-time. This means fast, easy access to the most current rates and taxability rules for all U.S. and Canadian jurisdictions.
 From their site: Currency Rates for 115 major currencies. You can perform interactive foreign exchange rate calculations, using current currency rates updated every 10 minutes (20 minute delay). Simply enter the currency you wish to convert and invoke the Web service. The rate returned will be based on a fraction of the US dollar (USD).
 Our REST API allows you to replicate much of the functionality in our hosted marketplace solution to build custom widgets and stock tickers for your Intranet, create custom reports, add trading capabilities to an existing application, or even develop your own custom marketplace.
